# Citations for Marketing in Wikipedia.
Root page: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Marketing

## 1. 24-hour news cycle
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/24-hour_news_cycle
Summary: The 24-hour news cycle (or 24/7 news cycle) is the 24-hour investigation and
reporting of news, concomitant with fast-paced lifestyles. The vast news
resources available in recent decades have increased competition for audience
and advertiser attention, prompting media providers to deliver the latest news
in the most compelling manner in order to remain ahead of competitors.
Television, radio, print, online and mobile app news media all have many
suppliers that want to be relevant to their audiences and deliver news first. A
complete news cycle consists of the media reporting on some event, followed by
the media reporting on public and other reactions to the earlier reports. The
advent of 24-hour cable and satellite television news channels and, in more
recent times, of news sources on the World Wide Web (including blogs),
considerably shortened this process.

## 2. Account-based marketing
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Account-based_marketing
Summary: Account-based marketing (ABM), also known as key account marketing, is a
strategic approach to business marketing based on account awareness in which an
organization considers and communicates with individual prospect or customer
accounts as markets of one. Account-based marketing is typically employed in
enterprise-level sales organizations.

## 3. Activism
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Activism
Summary: Activism consists of efforts to promote, impede, direct or intervene in social,
political, economic or environmental reform with the desire to make changes in
society toward a perceived common good. Forms of activism range from mandate
building in a community (including writing letters to newspapers), petitioning
elected officials, running or contributing to a political campaign, preferential
patronage (or boycott) of businesses, and demonstrative forms of activism like
rallies, street marches, strikes, sit-ins, or hunger strikes. Activism may be
performed on a day-to-day basis in a wide variety of ways, including through the
creation of art (artivism), computer hacking (hacktivism), or simply in how one
chooses to spend their money (economic activism). For example, the refusal to
buy clothes or other merchandise from a company as a protest against the
exploitation of workers by that company could be considered an expression of
activism. However, the term commonly refers to a form of collective action, in
which numerous individuals coordinate an act of protest together. Collective
action that is purposeful, organized, and sustained over a period of time
becomes known as a social movement. Historically, activists have used
literature, including pamphlets, tracts, and books to disseminate or propagate
their messages and attempt to persuade their readers of the justice of their
cause. Research has now begun to explore how contemporary activist groups use
social media to facilitate civic engagement and collective action combining
politics with technology. Left-wing and right-wing online activists often use
different tactics. Hashtag activism and offline protest are more common on the
left. Working strategically with partisan media, migrating to alternative
platforms, and manipulation of mainstream media are more common on the right (in
the United States). In addition, the perception of increased left-wing activism
in science and academia may decrease conservative trust in science and motivate
some forms of conservative activism, including on college campuses. Some
scholars have also shown how the influence of very wealthy Americans is a form
of activism. Separating activism and terrorism can be difficult and has been
described as a 'fine line'.

## 4. Adam Smith
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adam_Smith
Summary: Adam Smith (baptised 16 June  [O.S. 5 June] 1723 – 17 July 1790) was a Scottish
economist and philosopher who was a pioneer in the thinking of political economy
and key figure during the Scottish Enlightenment. Seen by some as the "father of
economics" or the "father of capitalism", he wrote two classic works, The Theory
of Moral Sentiments (1759) and An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the
Wealth of Nations (1776). The latter, often abbreviated as The Wealth of
Nations, is considered his magnum opus and the first modern work that treats
economics as a comprehensive system and an academic discipline. Smith refuses to
explain the distribution of wealth and power in terms of God's will and instead
appeals to natural, political, social, economic, legal, environmental and
technological factors and the interactions among them. Among other economic
theories, the work introduced Smith's idea of absolute advantage. Smith studied
social philosophy at the University of Glasgow and at Balliol College, Oxford,
where he was one of the first students to benefit from scholarships set up by
fellow Scot John Snell. After graduating, he delivered a successful series of
public lectures at the University of Edinburgh, leading him to collaborate with
David Hume during the Scottish Enlightenment. Smith obtained a professorship at
Glasgow, teaching moral philosophy and during this time, wrote and published The
Theory of Moral Sentiments. In his later life, he took a tutoring position that
allowed him to travel throughout Europe, where he met other intellectual leaders
of his day. As a reaction to the common policy of protecting national markets
and merchants through minimizing imports and maximizing exports, what came to be
known as mercantilism, Smith laid the foundations of classical free market
economic theory. The Wealth of Nations was a precursor to the modern academic
discipline of economics. In this and other works, he developed the concept of
division of labour and expounded upon how rational self-interest and competition
can lead to economic prosperity. Smith was controversial in his day and his
general approach and writing style were often satirised by writers such as
Horace Walpole.

## 5. Adam Smith Institute
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adam_Smith_Institute
Summary: The Adam Smith Institute (ASI) is a UK-based neoliberal think tank and lobbying
group, named after Adam Smith, a Scottish moral philosopher and classical
economist. The Institute advocates free market and classical liberal ideas,
primarily via the formation of policy options with regard to public choice
theory, which political decision makers seek to develop upon. ASI President
Madsen Pirie has sought to describe the activity of the organisation as "[w]e
propose things which people regard as being on the edge of lunacy. The next
thing you know, they're on the edge of policy". The ASI formed the primary
intellectual force behind the privatisation of state-owned industries during the
premiership of Margaret Thatcher, and alongside the Centre for Policy Studies
and Institute of Economic Affairs advanced a neoliberal approach toward public
policy on privatisation, taxation, education and healthcare. A number of the
policies presented by the organisation were adopted by the administrations of
John Major and Tony Blair and members of the ASI have also advised non-United
Kingdom governments. Beyond policy development, the organisation advocates free
market ideas through the publication and distribution of literature, the
promotion of Tax Freedom Day, the hosting of speaker events for students and
young people, media appearances and blogging. The ASI is rated as one of the
least transparent think tanks in the United Kingdom in relation to funding and
received 3% of its funding from the tobacco industry in 2011.

## 6. Advertising
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advertising
Summary: Advertising is the practice and techniques employed to bring attention to a
product or service. Advertising aims to present a product or service in terms of
utility, advantages, and qualities of interest to consumers. It is typically
used to promote a specific good or service, but there are a wide range of uses,
the most common being commercial advertisement. Commercial advertisements often
seek to generate increased consumption of their products or services through
"branding", which associates a product name or image with certain qualities in
the minds of consumers. On the other hand, ads that intend to elicit an
immediate sale are known as direct-response advertising. Non-commercial entities
that advertise more than consumer products or services include political
parties, interest groups, religious organizations, and governmental agencies.
Non-profit organizations may use free modes of persuasion, such as a public
service announcement. Advertising may also help to reassure employees or
shareholders that a company is viable or successful. In the 19th century, soap
businesses were among the first to employ large-scale advertising campaigns.
Thomas J. Barratt was hired by Pears to be its brand manager—the first of its
kind—and in addition to creating slogans and images, he recruited West End stage
actress and socialite Lillie Langtry to become the poster girl for Pears, making
her the first celebrity to endorse a commercial product. Modern advertising
originated with the techniques introduced with tobacco advertising in the 1920s,
most significantly with the campaigns of Edward Bernays, considered the founder
of modern, "Madison Avenue" advertising. Worldwide spending on advertising in
2015 amounted to an estimated US$529.43 billion. Advertising's projected
distribution for 2017 was 40.4% on TV, 33.3% on digital, 9% on newspapers, 6.9%
on magazines, 5.8% on outdoor, and 4.3% on radio. Internationally, the largest
("Big Five") advertising agency groups are Omnicom, WPP, Publicis, Interpublic,
and Dentsu.

## 7. Advertising agency
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advertising_agency
Summary: An advertising agency, often referred to as a creative agency or an ad agency,
is a business dedicated to creating, planning, and handling advertising and
sometimes other forms of promotion and marketing for its clients. An ad agency
is generally independent of the client; it may be an internal department or
agency that provides an outside point of view to the effort of selling the
client's products or services, or an outside firm. An agency can also handle
overall marketing and branding strategies promotions for its clients, which may
include sales as well. Typical ad agency clients include businesses and
corporations, non-profit organizations and private agencies. Agencies may be
hired to produce television advertisements, radio advertisements, online
advertising, out-of-home advertising, mobile marketing, and AR advertising, as
part of an advertising campaign.

## 8. Advertising mail
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advertising_mail
Summary: Advertising mail, also known as direct mail (by its senders), junk mail (by its
recipients), mailshot or admail (North America), letterbox drop or letterboxing
(Australia), is the delivery of advertising material to recipients of postal
mail. The delivery of advertising mail forms a large and growing service for
many postal services, and direct-mail marketing forms a significant portion of
the direct marketing industry. Some organizations attempt to help people opt out
of receiving advertising mail, in many cases motivated by a concern over its
negative environmental impact. Advertising mail includes advertising circulars,
plastic mailers, coupon envelopes (Money Mailer, Valpak), catalogs,  CDs, "pre-
approved" credit card applications, and other commercial merchandising materials
delivered to homes and businesses. It may be addressed to pre-selected
individuals, or unaddressed and delivered on a neighbourhood-by-neighbourhood
basis.

## 9. Advertising management
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advertising_management
Summary: Advertising management is how a company carefully plans and controls its
advertising to reach its ideal customers and convince them to buy. Marketers use
different types of advertising. Brand advertising is defined as a non-personal
communication message placed in a paid, mass medium designed to persuade target
consumers of a product or service benefits in an effort to induce them to make a
purchase. Corporate advertising refers to paid messages designed to communicate
the corporation's values to influence public opinion. Yet other types of
advertising such as not-for-profit advertising and political advertising present
special challenges that require different strategies and approaches. Advertising
management is a complex process that involves making many layered decisions
including developing advertising strategies, setting an advertising budget,
setting advertising objectives, determining the target market, media strategy
(which involves media planning), developing the message strategy, and evaluating
the overall effectiveness of the advertising effort.) Advertising management may
also involve media buying. Advertising management is a complex process. However,
at its simplest level, advertising management can be reduced to four key
decision areas:  Target audience definition: Who do we want to talk to? Message
(or creative) strategy: What do we want to say to them? Media strategy: How will
we reach them? Measuring advertising effectiveness: How do we know our messages
were received in the form intended and with the desired outcomes?

## 10. Advertising slogan
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advertising_slogan
Summary: Advertising slogans are short phrases used in advertising campaigns to generate
publicity and unify a company's marketing strategy. The phrases may be used to
attract attention to a distinctive product feature or reinforce a company's
brand.

## 11. Advocacy
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advocacy
Summary: Advocacy is an activity by an individual or group that aims to influence
decisions within political, economic, and social institutions. Advocacy includes
activities and publications to influence public policy, laws and budgets by
using facts, their relationships, the media, and messaging to educate government
officials and the public. Advocacy can include many activities that a person or
organization undertakes, including media campaigns, public speaking,
commissioning and publishing research. Lobbying (often by lobby groups) is a
form of advocacy where a direct approach is made to legislators on a specific
issue or specific piece of legislation. Research has started to address how
advocacy groups in the United States and Canada are using social media to
facilitate civic engagement and collective action.

## 12. Advocacy group
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advocacy_group
Summary: Advocacy groups, also known as lobby groups, interest groups, special interest
groups, pressure groups, or public associations, use various forms of advocacy
or lobbying to influence public opinion and ultimately public policy. They play
an important role in the development of political and social systems. Motives
for action may be based on political, economic, religious, moral, commercial or
common good-based positions. Groups use varied methods to try to achieve their
aims, including lobbying, media campaigns, awareness raising publicity stunts,
polls, research, and policy briefings. Some groups are supported or backed by
powerful business or political interests and exert considerable influence on the
political process, while others have few or no such resources. Some have
developed into important social, and political institutions or social movements.
Some powerful advocacy groups have been accused of manipulating the democratic
system for narrow commercial gain, and in some instances have been found guilty
of corruption, fraud, bribery, influence peddling and other serious crimes. Some
groups, generally the ones with less financial resources, may use direct action
and civil disobedience, and in some cases are accused of being a threat to the
social order or "domestic extremists". Research is beginning to explore how
advocacy groups use social media to facilitate civic engagement, and collective
action.

## 13. Affinity marketing
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Affinity_marketing
Summary: Affinity marketing is a concept that consists of a partnership between a company
(supplier) and an organization that gathers persons sharing the same interests
to bring a greater consumer base to their service, product or opinion. This
partnership is known as an affinity group. The first academic approach of
affinity marketing was provided by Macchiette and Roy in 1992. They described
this notion as a combination of affinity and the marketing ideas. They defined
the word affinity as "an individual level of cohesiveness, social bonding,
identification and conformity to the norms and standards of a particular
reference group" whereas marketing is described to be the "expectation of
benefit for the individual satisfying consumer wants and needs". Affinity
marketing differs from co-branding. The benefits of co-branding partnerships
come from the consequences of the association of multiple companies, whereas the
benefits of affinity marketing derive from the mental satisfaction to have
profited the affinity group. An affinity group is a group which has a solid
connection with a considerable number of consumers and which has the possibility
to target them in a much easier way than what can be accomplished by way of
ordinary marketing process. People may recognize themselves in affinity groups
such as charitable organizations, football teams, enterprises, companies, and
organizations. Thus, affinity group members may be fans, customers, subscribers,
or staff members.

## 14. Agenda-setting theory
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agenda-setting_theory
Summary: Agenda-setting theory suggests that the communications media, through their
ability to identify and publicize issues, play a pivotal role in shaping the
problems that attract attention from governments and international
organizations, and direct public opinion towards specific issues. The theory
suggests that the media can shape public opinion by determining what issues are
given the most attention, and has been widely studied and applied to various
forms of media. The way news stories and topics that impact public opinion are
presented is influenced by the media. It is predicated on the idea that most
individuals only have access to one source of information on most issues: the
news media. Since they establish the agenda, they may affect how important some
things are seen to be. The agenda-setting by media is driven by the media's bias
on things such as politics, economy and culture, etc. Audiences consider an
issue to be more significant the more media attention it receives (issue
saliency). For instance, even if readers don't have strong feelings about
immigration, they will believe that it is a pressing problem at the time if
there is consistent journalistic coverage of it over the period of a few months.
The theory has two core assumptions; the first is that it is the media that
controls the reality. The media does not report the reality but instead filters
and shapes it. The second assumption is quite akin to the description or
definition of agenda-setting theory which states that it is the media that gives
importance or saliency to its topics as the more likely the media focuses on
certain issues, the more likely the public perceive such issue as important and
therefore demands action. The agenda setting theory can be reflected in the
awareness model, priorities model, and salience model. Media's agenda setting
influences public agenda which in turn influences policy agenda building. There
have been three theorized levels for agenda-setting theory that have developed
over time; first-level, second-level, and third-level.

## 15. Agile marketing
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agile_marketing
Summary: Agile marketing, often termed marketing agility or international marketing
agility, comprises sensemaking, speed, iteration, and marketing decisions;
marketing decisions are performed in an agile manner, using principles from the
Manifesto for Agile Software Development. Marketing Agility was named a research
priority for 2020-2022 by the Marketing Science Institute.  Sensemaking, or
sense-and-respond in some studies, is identifying opportunities or threats in
the market. Marketing decisions, for example the marketing mix, are then made at
speed, and quick plausible delivery favored over slower options. Implementation
and effectiveness are then monitored and further marketing decisions made as
necessary, in an iterative fashion. Marketing agility is customer focused, and
has shown benefit in VUCA environments, including in deep uncertainty.

## 16. Agricultural Marketing Service
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agricultural_Marketing_Service
Summary: The Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) is an agency of the United States
Department of Agriculture; it maintains programs in five commodity areas: cotton
and tobacco; dairy; fruit and vegetable; livestock and seed; and poultry.  These
programs provide testing, standardization, grading and market news services for
those commodities, and oversee marketing agreements and orders, administer
research and promotion programs, and purchase commodities for federal food
programs.  The AMS enforces certain federal laws such as the Perishable
Agricultural Commodities Act and the Federal Seed Act. The AMS budget is $1.2
billion. It is headquartered in the Jamie L. Whitten Building in Washington,
D.C.  As of July 2021, AMS is led by Administrator Bruce Summers.

## 17. Agricultural marketing
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agricultural_marketing
Summary: Agricultural marketing  covers the services involved in moving an agricultural
product from the farm to the consumer. These services involve the planning,
organizing, directing and handling of agricultural produce in such a way as to
satisfy farmers, intermediaries and consumers. Numerous interconnected
activities are involved in doing this, such as planning production, growing and
harvesting, grading, packing and packaging, transport, storage, agro- and food
processing, provision of market information, distribution, advertising and sale.
Effectively, the term encompasses the entire range of supply chain operations
for agricultural products, whether conducted through ad hoc sales or through a
more integrated chain, such as one involving contract farming.

## 18. Airborne leaflet propaganda
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Airborne_leaflet_propaganda
Summary: Airborne leaflet dropping is a type of propaganda where leaflets (flyers) are
scattered in the air, normally by filling  cluster bombs that open in midair
with thousands of leaflets. Military forces have used aircraft to drop leaflets
to attempt to alter the behavior of combatants and non-combatants in enemy-
controlled territory, sometimes in conjunction with air strikes. Humanitarian
air missions, in cooperation with leaflet propaganda, can turn the populace
against their leadership while preparing them for the arrival of enemy
combatants. Leaflet droppings have also been used to limit civilian casualties
by alerting civilians of imminent danger allowing time to evacuate targeted
areas.

## 19. Alternative facts
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alternative_facts
Summary: "Alternative facts" was a phrase used by U.S. Counselor to the President
Kellyanne Conway during a Meet the Press interview on January 22, 2017, in which
she defended White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer's false statement about the
attendance numbers at Donald Trump's first inauguration as President of the
United States. When pressed during the interview with Chuck Todd to explain why
Spicer would "utter a provable falsehood", Conway stated that Spicer was giving
"alternative facts". Todd responded, "Look, alternative facts are not facts.
They're falsehoods." Conway's use of the phrase "alternative facts" for
demonstrable falsehoods was widely mocked on social media and sharply criticized
by journalists and media organizations, including Dan Rather, Jill Abramson, and
the Public Relations Society of America. The phrase was extensively described as
Orwellian, particularly in reference to the term doublethink. Within four days
of the interview, sales of George Orwell's novel Nineteen Eighty-Four had
increased 95-fold, which The New York Times and others attributed to Conway's
use of the phrase, making it the number-one bestseller on Amazon.com. In a later
article written by Olivia Nuzzi, Conway defended her choice of words where she
reportedly stated,  "Two plus two is four. Three plus one is four. Partly
cloudy, partly sunny. Glass half full, glass half empty. Those are alternative
facts." Conway went on to clarify that the phrase was intended to refer to
"additional facts and alternative information," suggesting that there could be
multiple interpretations of a given set of data.

## 20. Alternative media
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alternative_media
Summary: Alternative media are media sources that differ from established forms of media,
such as mainstream media or mass media, in terms of their content, production,
or distribution. Alternative media includes many formats, including print,
audio, film/video, online/digital and street art, among others. Some examples
include the counter-culture zines of the 1960s, ethnic and indigenous media such
as the First People's television network in Canada (later rebranded Aboriginal
Peoples Television Network), and more recently online open publishing journalism
sites such as Indymedia. Sometimes the term independent media is used as a
synonym, indicating independence from large media corporations. However, the
term "independent media" generally has a different meaning, indicating freedom
of the press and independence from government control.  In contrast to the
mainstream media, alternative media tend to be "non-commercial projects that
advocate the interests of those excluded from the mainstream", for example, the
poor, political and ethnic minorities, labor groups, and LGBT identities. These
media spread marginalized viewpoints, such as those heard in the progressive
news program Democracy Now!. They also create identity-based communities, such
as in the It Gets Better Project that was posted on YouTube in response to a
rise in gay teen suicides at the time of its creation. Alternative media
challenge the dominant beliefs and values of a culture. They have been described
as "counter-hegemonic" by adherents of Antonio Gramsci's theory of cultural
hegemony. However, since the definition of alternative media as merely counter
to the mainstream is limiting, some approaches to the study of alternative media
also address the question of how and where these media are created, as well as
the dynamic relationship between the media and the participants that create and
use them.

## 21. Ambush marketing
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ambush_marketing
Summary: Ambush marketing or ambush advertising is a marketing strategy in which an
advertiser "ambushes" an event to compete for exposure against other
advertisers. The term was coined by marketing strategist Jerry Welsh, while he
was working as the manager of global marketing efforts for American Express in
the 1980s. Most ambush marketing campaigns aim to associate a brand with the
prominence of a major event, without actually being an "official" partner or
sponsor of said event. An advertiser may indirectly ambush an event by alluding
to its imagery and themes without referencing any specific trademarks associated
with it, or in "direct" and "predatory" means—where an advertiser engages in the
fraudulent use of official names and trademarks to deliberately mislead
consumers. Actions against ambush advertising are most common in sport (where
major events such as the FIFA World Cup, Olympic Games, and the Super Bowl are
prominent targets), as the practice can devalue and dilute exclusive sponsorship
rights, and in some cases, infringe upon the organizers' intellectual property
rights. Such actions may include restricting advertising in "clean zones" around
an event site, removing or obscuring references to non-sponsors at venues, and
requiring host countries to pass laws to grant the organizer legal rights to
enforce clean zones, and to restrict the use of specific words and concepts to
create unofficial associations with the event. Anti-ambush marketing regulations
have attracted controversy for limiting freedom of speech, and for preventing
companies from factually promoting themselves in the context of an event.

## 22. American Marketing Association
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Marketing_Association
Summary: The American Marketing Association (AMA) is a professional association for
marketing professionals with 30,000 members as of 2012. It has 76 professional
chapters and 250 collegiate chapters across the United States. The AMA was
formed in 1937 (1937) from the merger of two predecessor organizations, the
National Association of Marketing Teachers and the American Marketing Society.
It also publishes a number of handbooks and research monographs. The AMA
publishes the Journal of Marketing, Journal of Marketing Research, Journal of
Public Policy and Marketing, Journal of International Marketing, Journal of
Interactive Marketing, and Marketing News. It sponsors the collegiate honor
society, Alpha Mu Alpha.

## 23. American business history
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_business_history
Summary: American business history is a history of business, entrepreneurship, and
corporations, together with responses by consumers, critics, and government, in
the United States from colonial times  to the present. In broader context, it is
a major part of the Economic history of the United States, but focuses on
specific business enterprises.

## 24. Annoyance factor
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annoyance_factor
Summary: An annoyance factor (or nuisance or irritation factor), in advertising and brand
management, is a variable used to measure consumers' perception level of
annoyance in an ad, then analyzed to help evaluate the ad's effectiveness. The
variable can be observed or inferred and is a type that might be used in factor
analyses. An annoyance effect (or nuisance or irritation effect) is a reference
to the impact or result of an annoying stimulus, which can be a strategic aspect
of an advertisement intended to help a message stick in the minds of consumers.
References to annoyance effects have been referred to as annoyance dynamics.
While the words "factor" and "effect", as used in the behavioral sciences, have
different meanings, in casual vernacular, they have been used interchangeably as
synonymous. A more general or umbrella term would simply be advertising
annoyance.

## 25. Anthropology
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anthropology
Summary: Anthropology is the scientific study of humanity, concerned with human behavior,
human biology, cultures, societies, and linguistics, in both the present and
past, including archaic humans. Social anthropology studies patterns of
behaviour, while cultural anthropology studies cultural meaning, including norms
and values. The term sociocultural anthropology is commonly used today.
Linguistic anthropology studies how language influences social life. Biological
(or physical) anthropology studies the biology and evolution of humans and their
close primate relatives. Archaeology, often termed as "anthropology of the
past," studies human activity through investigation of physical evidence. It is
considered a branch of anthropology in North America and Asia, while in Europe,
archaeology is viewed as a discipline in its own right or grouped under other
related disciplines, such as history and palaeontology.

## 26. Apple Inc.
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_Inc.
Summary: Apple Inc. is an American multinational corporation and technology company
headquartered in Cupertino, California, in Silicon Valley. It is best known for
its consumer electronics, software, and services. Founded in 1976 as Apple
Computer Company by Steve Jobs, Steve Wozniak and Ronald Wayne, the company was
incorporated by Jobs and Wozniak as Apple Computer, Inc. the following year. It
was renamed Apple Inc. in 2007 as the company had expanded its focus from
computers to consumer electronics. Apple is the largest technology company by
revenue, with US$391.04 billion in the 2024 fiscal year. The company was founded
to produce and market Wozniak's Apple I personal computer. Its second computer,
the Apple II, became a best seller as one of the first mass-produced
microcomputers. Apple introduced the Lisa in 1983 and the Macintosh in 1984, as
some of the first computers to use a graphical user interface and a mouse. By
1985, internal company problems led to Jobs leaving to form NeXT, Inc., and
Wozniak withdrawing to other ventures; John Sculley served as long-time CEO for
over a decade. In the 1990s, Apple lost considerable market share in the
personal computer industry to the lower-priced Wintel duopoly of the Microsoft
Windows operating system on Intel-powered PC clones. In 1997, Apple was weeks
away from bankruptcy. To resolve its failed operating system strategy, it bought
NeXT, effectively bringing Jobs back to the company, who guided Apple back to
profitability over the next decade with the introductions of the iMac, iPod,
iPhone, and iPad devices to critical acclaim as well as the iTunes Store,
launching the "Think different" advertising campaign, and opening the Apple
Store retail chain. These moves elevated Apple to consistently be one of the
world's most valuable brands since about 2010. Jobs resigned in 2011 for health
reasons, and died two months later; he was succeeded as CEO by Tim Cook. Apple's
product lineup includes portable and home hardware such as the iPhone, iPad,
Apple Watch, Mac, and Apple TV; operating systems such as iOS, iPadOS, and
macOS; and various software and services including Apple Pay, iCloud, and
multimedia streaming services like Apple Music and Apple TV+. Apple is one of
the Big Five American information technology companies; for the most part since
2011, Apple has been the world's largest company by market capitalization, and,
as of 2023, is the largest manufacturing company by revenue, the fourth-largest
personal computer vendor by unit sales, the largest vendor of tablet computers,
and the largest vendor of mobile phones in the world. Apple became the first
publicly traded U.S. company to be valued at over $1 trillion in 2018, and, as
of December 2024, is valued at just over $3.74 trillion. Apple is the largest
company on the Nasdaq, where it trades under the ticker symbol "AAPL". Apple has
received criticism regarding its contractors' labor practices, its relationship
with trade unions, its environmental practices, and its business ethics,
including anti-competitive practices and materials sourcing. Nevertheless, the
company has a large following and enjoys a high level of brand loyalty.

## 27. Applied ethics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Applied_ethics
Summary: Applied ethics is the practical aspect of moral considerations. It is ethics
with respect to real-world actions and their moral considerations in private and
public life, the professions, health, technology, law, and leadership. For
example, bioethics is concerned with identifying the best approach to moral
issues in the life sciences, such as euthanasia, the allocation of scarce health
resources, or the use of human embryos in research. Environmental ethics is
concerned with ecological issues such as the responsibility of government and
corporations to clean up pollution. Business ethics includes the duties of
whistleblowers to the public and to their employers.

## 28. April Fools' Day
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/April_Fools%27_Day
Summary: April Fools' Day or April Fool's Day (rarely called All Fools' Day) is an annual
custom on the 1st of April consisting of practical jokes, hoaxes, and pranks.
Jokesters often expose their actions by shouting "April Fool[s]!" at the
recipient. Mass media can be involved with these pranks, which may be revealed
as such the following day. The custom of setting aside a day for playing
harmless pranks upon one's neighbor has been relatively common in the world
historically.

## 29. Art director
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Art_director
Summary: Art director is a title for a variety of similar job functions in theater,
advertising, marketing, publishing, fashion, live-action and animated film and
television, the Internet, and video games. It is the charge of a sole art
director to supervise and unify the vision of an artistic production. In
particular, they are in charge of its overall visual appearance and how it
communicates visually, stimulates moods, contrasts features, and psychologically
appeals to a target audience. The art director makes decisions about visual
elements, what artistic style(s) to use, and when to use motion. One of the
biggest challenges art directors face is translating desired moods, messages,
concepts, and underdeveloped ideas into imagery. In the brainstorming process,
art directors, colleagues and clients explore ways the finished piece or scene
could look. At times, the art director is responsible for solidifying the vision
of the collective imagination while resolving conflicting agendas and
inconsistencies between contributors' ideas. In eastern animated works, such as
Japanese anime and Chinese animation, the role of art director (美術監督, bijutsu
kantoku) specifically refers to the artist in charge of supervising and
directing the background art and the background art staff of a particular work
rather than a role unifying a work's overall artistic vision.

## 30. Astroturfing
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Astroturfing
Summary: Astroturfing is the deceptive practice of hiding the sponsors of an orchestrated
message or organization (e.g., political, economic, advertising, religious, or
public relations) to make it appear as though it originates from, and is
supported by, unsolicited grassroots participants.  It is a practice intended to
give the statements or organizations credibility by withholding information
about the source's financial backers. The implication behind the use of the term
is that instead of a "true" or "natural" grassroots effort behind the activity
in question, there is a "fake" or "artificial" appearance of support. It is
increasingly recognized as a problem in social media, e-commerce, and politics.
Astroturfing can influence public opinion by flooding platforms like political
blogs, news sites, and review websites with manipulated content. Some groups
accused of astroturfing argue that they are legitimately helping citizen
activists to make their voices heard. While the term “astroturfing” often evokes
images of corporate lobbying or political media manipulation, its function as a
mechanism for manufacturing consent transcends liberal democracies. In their
foundational work Manufacturing Consent, Edward S. Herman and Noam Chomsky argue
that power is reproduced not merely through censorship but through the
orchestration of discourse, where the appearance of grassroots consensus is
shaped by elite interests. This dynamic plays out in authoritarian contexts like
China, where the state has adopted astroturfing as a strategic tool to manage,
rather than suppress, online expression. As Rongbin Han documents in
Manufacturing Consent in Cyberspace: China's “Fifty-Cent Army”, the Chinese
government recruits and trains anonymous online commentators to seed pro-regime
narratives across forums and comment sections, presenting them as spontaneous
public sentiment. Far from simply muzzling dissent, this practice reflects a
sophisticated state effort to simulate legitimacy and manage perception within
digital public spheres. Yet ironically, as Han's research shows, these efforts
often fail due to poor coordination, lackluster incentives, and the lingering
bureaucratic logic of top-down propaganda, ultimately undermining the very trust
they aim to build. Many countries have laws prohibiting some astroturfing
practices with various methods of enforcement. In the US, the FTC has set rules
against endorsing a product without disclosing that one is paid to do so. In the
EU, social networking sites may be governed by the Unfair Commercial Practices
Directive which also prohibits undisclosed paid endorsements and connected
individuals from misleading readers into thinking they are regular consumers.
Various detection methods have been developed by researchers, including content
analysis, linguistic analysis, authorship attribution, and machine learning.
While these approaches have been instrumental in flagging inauthentic behavior,
such as bot-like posting patterns or coordinated message drops, more recent
scholarship emphasizes that astroturf detection also requires interpretive
analysis of messaging strategies. Brieuc Lits (2020), in his study of pro-shale
gas lobbying campaigns, argues that astroturfing often succeeds not simply by
masking sponsorship but by adopting discursive frames that mimic those of
authentic civic groups, through what Lits terms “corporate ventriloquism,”
private interests assume the voice of the public, strategically emphasizing
values like economic freedom or energy independence to mask underlying
industrial agendas. Lits claims that these language choices are not accidental;
they are calculated to evoke grassroots legitimacy while marginalizing competing
narratives, such as those centered on environmental harm or community health. As
a result, detection now involves more than just identifying false identities or
automation; it demands scrutiny of how language, symbols, and values are
mobilized to simulate authenticity. In addition to content and linguistic cues,
coordination-based detection methods have gained traction as a means of
identifying astroturfing campaigns. Schoch et al. (2022) propose a scalable,
network-based approach that focuses on identifying synchronized patterns of
behavior, such as co-tweeting or co-retweeting identical messages within short
time windows, as indicators of centralized coordination. This method, rooted in
principal-agent theory, assumes that hired agents or campaign employees tend to
“shirk,” reusing content and showing repetitive, time-bounded activity (e.g.,
during office hours). By mapping message coordination networks, the study was
able to reliably distinguish astroturfing accounts from organic grassroots
actors across dozens of global campaigns. Unlike bot-centric detection, this
strategy targets behavioral traces unique to organized disinformation and has
proven robust even when automated behavior is minimal or absent.

## 31. Attack ad
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attack_ad
Summary: In political campaigns, an attack ad is an advertisement designed to wage a
personal attack against an opposing candidate or political party in order to
gain support for the attacking candidate and attract voters. Attack ads often
form part of negative campaigning or smear campaigns, and in large or well-
financed campaigns, may be disseminated via mass media. An attack ad will
generally unfairly criticize an opponent's political platform, usually by
pointing out its faults. Often the ad will simply make use of innuendo, based on
opposition research. Political attack ads across all types of media can have
different strategic aims. Some are character attacks, trying to persuade the
viewer to think differently about a candidate's character in hopes that they
will reconsider their perception of the candidate and who they are as a person.
Another strategy is an attack on the candidate's policy or political ideas. This
attempts to derail one's support for a candidate by persuading them that the
candidate-under-attack's political ideas are illogical, extreme, or will be
ineffective. Televised attack ads rose to prominence in the United States in the
1960s, especially since Federal Communications Commission (FCC) regulations
require over-the-air commercial TV stations with licenses issued by the
FCC—effectively all regulated TV stations, since others would either be public
television or be pirated—to air political ads by both parties, whether it be
attack ads or more traditional political ads. Although cable television and the
Internet are not required to air such ads, attack ads have become commonplace on
both media as well.

## 32. Attribution (marketing)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Attribution_(marketing)
Summary: In marketing, attribution, also known as multi-touch attribution (MTA), is the
identification of a set of user actions ("events" or "touchpoints") that
contribute to a desired outcome, and then the assignment of a value to each of
these events. Marketing attribution provides a level of understanding of what
combination of events in what particular order influence individuals to engage
in a desired behavior, typically referred to as a conversion.

## 33. Audio deepfake
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Audio_deepfake
Summary: Audio deepfake technology, also referred to as voice cloning or deepfake audio,
is an application of artificial intelligence designed to generate speech that
convincingly mimics specific individuals, often synthesizing phrases or
sentences they have never spoken. Initially developed with the intent to enhance
various aspects of human life, it has practical applications such as generating
audiobooks and assisting individuals who have lost their voices due to medical
conditions. Additionally, it has commercial uses, including the creation of
personalized digital assistants, natural-sounding text-to-speech systems, and
advanced speech translation services.

## 34. B2B Marketing
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Business_marketing
Summary: Business marketing is a marketing practice of individuals or organizations
(including commercial businesses, governments, and institutions). It allows them
to sell products or services to other companies or organizations, who either
resell them, use them in their products or services, or use them to support
their work. The field of marketing can be broken down into many sections such as
business-to-business (B2B) marketing, business-to-consumer (B2C) marketing, and
business-to-developer (B2D) marketing. However, business marketing is typically
associated with the business-to-business sector.

## 35. B2C
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Direct-to-consumer
Summary: Direct-to-consumer (DTC or D2C) or business-to-consumer (B2C) is the business
model of selling products directly to customers and thereby bypassing any third-
party retailers, wholesalers, or middlemen. Direct-to-consumer sales are usually
transacted online, but direct-to-consumer brands may also operate  physical
retail spaces as a complement to their main e-commerce platform in a clicks-and-
mortar business model. In the year 2021, direct-to-customer e-commerce sales in
the United States were over $128 Billion. Examples of DTC brands currently in
business include: Allbirds, Away, Dollar Shave Club, Everlane, Glossier, and
Warby Parker.

## 36. Bandwagon effect
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bandwagon_effect
Summary: The bandwagon effect is a psychological phenomenon where people  adopt certain
behaviors, styles, or attitudes simply because others are doing so. More
specifically, it is a cognitive bias by which public opinion or behaviours can
alter due to particular actions and beliefs rallying amongst the public. It is a
psychological phenomenon whereby the rate of uptake of beliefs, ideas, fads and
trends increases with respect to the proportion of others who have already done
so. As more people come to believe in something, others also "hop on the
bandwagon" regardless of the underlying evidence. Following others' actions or
beliefs can occur because of conformism or deriving information from others.
Much of the influence of the bandwagon effect comes from the desire to 'fit in'
with peers; by making similar selections as other people, this is seen as a way
to gain access to a particular social group. An example of this is fashion
trends wherein the increasing popularity of a certain garment or style
encourages more acceptance. When individuals make rational choices based on the
information they receive from others, economists have proposed that information
cascades can quickly form in which people ignore their personal information
signals and follow the behaviour of others. Cascades explain why behaviour is
fragile as people understand that their behaviour is based on a very limited
amount of information. As a result, fads form easily but are also easily
dislodged. The phenomenon is observed in various fields, such as economics,
political science, medicine, and psychology. In social psychology, people's
tendency to align their beliefs and behaviors with a group is known as 'herd
mentality' or 'groupthink'. The reverse bandwagon effect (also known as the snob
effect in certain contexts) is a cognitive bias that causes people to avoid
doing something, because they believe that other people are doing it.

## 37. Behavioral targeting
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Targeted_advertising
Summary: Targeted advertising or data-driven marketing is a form of advertising,
including online advertising, that is directed towards an audience with certain
traits, based on the product or person the advertiser is promoting. These traits
can either be demographic with a focus on race, economic status, sex, age,
generation, level of education, income level, and employment, or psychographic
focused on the consumer values, personality, attitude, opinion, lifestyle, and
interests. This focus can also entail behavioral variables, such as browser
history, purchase history, and other recent online activities. The process of
algorithm targeting eliminates waste. Traditional forms of advertising,
including billboards, newspapers, magazines, and radio channels, are
progressively becoming replaced by online advertisements. Through the emergence
of new online channels, the usefulness of targeted advertising is increasing
because companies aim to minimize wasted advertising. Most targeted new media
advertising currently uses second-order proxies for targets, such as tracking
online or mobile web activities of consumers, associating historical web page
consumer demographics with new consumer web page access, using a search word as
the basis of implied interest, or contextual advertising.

## 38. Big lie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Big_lie
Summary: A big lie (German: große Lüge) is a gross distortion or misrepresentation of the
truth primarily used as a political propaganda technique. The German expression
was first used by Adolf Hitler in his book Mein Kampf (1925) to describe how
people could be induced to believe so colossal a lie because they would not
believe that someone "could have the impudence to distort the truth so
infamously". Hitler claimed that the technique had been used by Jews to blame
Germany's loss in World War I on German general Erich Ludendorff, who was a
prominent nationalist political leader in the Weimar Republic. According to
historian Jeffrey Herf, the Nazis used the idea of the original big lie to turn
sentiment against Jews and justify the Holocaust. Herf maintains that Nazi
Germany's chief propagandist Joseph Goebbels and the Nazi Party actually used
the big lie technique that they described – and that they used it to turn long-
standing antisemitism in Europe into mass murder. Herf further argues that the
Nazis' big lie was their depiction of Germany as an innocent, besieged nation
striking back at "international Jewry", which the Nazis blamed for starting
World War I. Nazi propaganda repeatedly claimed that Jews held outsized and
secret power in Britain, Russia, and the United States. It further spread claims
that the Jews had begun a war of extermination against Germany, and used these
to assert that Germany had a right to annihilate the Jews in self-defense. In
the 21st century, the term has been applied to Donald Trump's and his allies'
attempts to overturn the result of the 2020 U.S. presidential election,
specifically the false claim that the election was stolen through massive voter
and electoral fraud. The scale of the claims resulted in Trump supporters
attacking the United States Capitol. Later reports indicate that Trump knew he
had genuinely lost the election while promoting the narrative. Scholars say that
constant repetition across many different forms of media is necessary for the
success of the big lie technique, as is a psychological motivation for the
public to believe the extreme assertions.

## 39. Billboard
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Billboard
Summary: A billboard (also called a hoarding in the UK and many other parts of the world)
is a large outdoor advertising structure (a billing board), typically found in
high-traffic areas such as alongside busy roads. Billboards present large
advertisements to passing pedestrians and drivers. Typically brands use
billboards to build their brands or to push for their new products. The largest
ordinary-sized billboards are located primarily on major highways, expressways,
or principal arterials, and command high-density consumer exposure (mostly to
vehicular traffic). These afford the greatest visibility due not only to their
size, but because they allow creative "customizing" through extensions and
embellishments. Posters are the other common form of billboard advertising,
located mostly along primary and secondary arterial roads. Posters are in a
smaller format and are viewed principally by residents and commuter traffic,
with some pedestrian exposure.

## 40. Book censorship
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Book_censorship
Summary: Book censorship is the act of some authority taking measures to suppress ideas
and information within a book. Censorship is "the regulation of free speech and
other forms of entrenched authority". Censors typically identify as either a
concerned parent, community members who react to a text without reading, or
local or national organizations. Books have been censored by authoritarian
dictatorships to silence dissent, such as the People's Republic of China, Nazi
Germany and the Soviet Union. Books are most often censored for age
appropriateness, offensive language, sexual content, amongst other reasons.
Similarly, religions may issue lists of banned books, such as the historical
example of the Catholic Church's Index Librorum Prohibitorum and bans of such
books as Salman Rushdie's The Satanic Verses by Ayatollah Khomeini, which do not
always carry legal force. Censorship can be enacted at the national or
subnational level as well, and can carry legal penalties. In many cases, the
authors of these books could face harsh sentences, exile from the country, or
even execution.

## 41. Boycott
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boycott
Summary: A boycott is an act of nonviolent, voluntary abstention from a product, person,
organisation, or country as an expression of protest. It is usually for moral,
social, political, or environmental reasons. The purpose of a boycott is to
inflict some economic loss on the target, or to indicate a moral outrage,
usually to try to compel the target to alter an objectionable behavior. The word
is named after Captain Charles Boycott, agent of an absentee landlord in
Ireland, against whom the tactic was successfully employed after a suggestion by
Irish nationalist leader Charles Stewart Parnell and his Irish Land League in
1880. Sometimes, a boycott can be a form of consumer activism, sometimes called
moral purchasing. When a similar practice is legislated by a national
government, it is known as a sanction. Frequently, however, the threat of
boycotting a business is an empty threat, with no significant effect on sales.

## 42. Brand
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brand
Summary: A brand is a name, term, design, symbol or any other feature that distinguishes
one seller's good or service from those of other sellers. Brands are used in
business, marketing, and advertising for recognition and, importantly, to create
and store value as brand equity for the object identified, to the benefit of the
brand's customers, its owners and shareholders. Brand names are sometimes
distinguished from generic or store brands. The practice of branding—in the
original literal sense of marking by burning—is thought to have begun with the
ancient Egyptians, who are known to have engaged in livestock branding and
branded slaves as early as 2,700 BCE. Branding was used to differentiate one
person's cattle from another's by means of a distinctive symbol burned into the
animal's skin with a hot branding iron. If a person stole any of the cattle,
anyone else who saw the symbol could deduce the actual owner. The term has been
extended to mean a strategic personality for a product or company, so that
"brand" now suggests the values and promises that a consumer may perceive and
buy into. Over time, the practice of branding objects extended to a broader
range of packaging and goods offered for sale including oil, wine, cosmetics,
and fish sauce and, in the 21st century, extends even further into services
(such as legal, financial and medical), political parties and people's stage
names.  In the modern era, the concept of branding has expanded to include
deployment by a manager of the marketing and communication techniques and tools
that help to distinguish a company or products from competitors, aiming to
create a lasting impression in the minds of customers. The key components that
form a brand's toolbox include a brand's identity, personality, product design,
brand communication (such as by logos and trademarks), brand awareness, brand
loyalty, and various branding (brand management) strategies. Many companies
believe that there is often little to differentiate between several types of
products in the 21st century, hence branding is among a few remaining forms of
product differentiation. Brand equity is the measurable totality of a brand's
worth and is validated by observing the effectiveness of these branding
components. When a customer is familiar with a brand or favors it incomparably
over its competitors, a corporation has reached a high level of brand equity.
Brand owners manage their brands carefully to create shareholder value. Brand
valuation is a management technique that ascribes a monetary value to a brand.

## 43. Brand ambassador
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brand_ambassador
Summary: A brand ambassador (sometimes also called a corporate ambassador) is a person
paid by an organization or company to represent its brand in a positive light,
helping to increase brand awareness and sales. The brand ambassador is meant to
embody the corporate identity in appearance, demeanor, values and ethics. The
key element of brand ambassadors is their ability to use promotional strategies
that will strengthen the customer-product-service relationship, influence a
large audience to buy and consume more. Predominantly, a brand ambassador is
known as a positive spokesperson, an opinion leader or a community influencer,
appointed as an internal or external agent to boost product or service sales and
create brand awareness. Today, "brand ambassador" as a term has expanded beyond
celebrity branding to self-branding or personal brand management. Professional
figures, such as good-will and non-profit ambassadors, promotional models,
testimonials and brand advocates have formed as an extension of the same
concept, taking into account the requirements of every company. The term brand
ambassador loosely refers to a marketing activity which covers all types of
event staff, varying between trade show hosts, in-store promotional members and
street teams. The job of a brand ambassador has typically been held by a
celebrity or a public figure given free goods or paid for their endorsement, now
a brand ambassador can be anyone who has knowledge or can identify certain needs
of the brand. The brand ambassador's job is to drive results through
communication tools either publicly, such as social media, or privately
including emails, messaging and further one-to-one channels.

## 44. Brand awareness
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brand_awareness
Summary: Brand awareness is the extent to which customers are able to recall or recognize
a brand under different conditions. Brand awareness is one of the two key
components of brand knowledge, as defined by the associative network memory
model. It playsa vital role in consumer behavior, advertising management, and
brand management. The consumer's ability to recognize or recall a brand is
central to the purchasing process because buying decisions cannot begin unless a
consumer is first aware of a product category and a brand within that category.
Awareness does not necessarily mean that the consumer must be able to recall a
specific brand name, but they must be able to recall enough distinguishing
features for a purchase to happen. Creating brand awareness is the main step in
advertising a new product or revitalising an old one. Brand awareness consists
of two components: brand recall and brand recognition. Several studies have
shown that these two components operate in fundamentally different ways as brand
recall is associated with memory retrieval, and brand recognition involves
object recognition. Both brand recall and brand recognition play an important
role in consumers' purchase decision process and in marketing communications.
Brand awareness is closely related to concepts such as the evoked set and
consideration set which include the specific brands a consumer considers in
purchasing decision. Consumers are believed to hold between three and seven
brands in their consideration set across a broad range of product categories.
Consumers typically purchase one of the top three brands in their consideration
set as consumers have shown to buy only familiar, well-established brands. As
brands are competing in a highly globalized market, brand awareness is a key
indicator of a brand's competitive market performance. Given the importance of
brand awareness in consumer purchasing decisions, marketers have developed a
number of metrics designed to measure brand awareness and other measures of
brand health. These metrics are collectively known as Awareness, Attitudes and
Usage (AAU) metrics. To ensure a product or brand's market success, awareness
levels must be managed across the entire product life cycle – from product
launch to market decline. Many marketers regularly monitor brand awareness
levels, and if they fall below a predetermined threshold, the advertising and
promotional effort is intensified until awareness returns to the desired level.

## 45. Brand licensing
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brand_licensing
Summary: Brand licensing means renting or leasing of an intangible asset. It is a process
of creating and managing contracts between the owner of a brand and a company or
individual who wants to  use the brand in association with a product, for an
agreed period of time, within an agreed territory. Licensing is used by brand
owners to extend a trademark or character onto products of a completely
different nature. Examples of intangible assets include a song ("Over the
Rainbow"), a character (Donald Duck), a name (David Beckham), or a brand (Rolls-
Royce). An arrangement to license a brand requires a licensing agreement. A
licensing agreement authorizes a company which markets a product or service (a
licensee) to lease or rent a brand from a brand owner who operates a licensing
program (a licensor).

## 46. Brand management
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brand_management
Summary: In marketing, brand management refers to the process of controlling how a brand
is perceived in the market. Tangible elements of brand management include the
look, price, and packaging of the product itself; intangible elements are the
experiences that the target markets share with the brand, and the relationships
they have with it. A brand manager oversees all aspects of the consumer's brand
association as well as relationships with members of the supply chain.
Developing a good relationship with target markets is essential for brand
management.

## 47. Branded entertainment
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Branded_content
Summary: Branded content (also known as branded entertainment) is a type of entertainment
product made or otherwise funded by an advertiser. They are designed to build
awareness for a particular brand by presenting content that reflects its values
and image, without necessarily being presented as a promotion first and foremost
(in contrast to content marketing). Branded content is distinguished from
product placement—a business practice in which advertisers pay to have
references to their brands incorporated into a work—but a piece of branded
content may still include placements of the advertiser's products. Unlike
conventional forms of editorial content, branded content is generally funded
entirely by a brand or corporation rather than a studio or a group of solely
artistic producers. Branded content has taken the form of television
programming, films, internet video and other digital content, video games,
events, and other installations. Modern branded marketing strategies are
intended primarily to counter market trends, such as the decreasing acceptance
of commercials and advertorials.

## 48. Broadcast law
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Broadcast_law
Summary: Broadcast law and Electricity law is the field of law that pertains to
broadcasting. These laws and regulations pertain to radio stations and TV
stations, and are also considered to include closely related services like cable
TV and cable radio, as well as satellite TV and satellite radio. Likewise, it
also extends to broadcast networks. Broadcast law includes technical parameters
for these facilities, as well as content issues like copyright, profanity, and
localism or regionalism.

## 49. Burning of books and burying of scholars
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Burning_of_books_and_burying_of_scholars
Summary: The burning of books and burying of scholars was the purported burning of texts
in 213 BCE and live burial of 460 Confucian scholars in 212 BCE ordered by
Chinese emperor Qin Shi Huang. The events were alleged to have destroyed
philosophical treatises of the Hundred Schools of Thought, with the goal of
strengthening the official Qin governing philosophy of Legalism. Modern
historians doubt the details of the story, which first appeared more than a
century later in the Han dynasty official Sima Qian's Records of the Grand
Historian. As a court scholar, Sima had every reason to denigrate the earlier
emperor to flatter his own, but later Confucians did not question the story.
According to the historian Ulrich Neininger, their message was, "If you take our
life, Heaven will take the life of your dynasty." Modern scholars agree that Qin
Shi Huang gathered and destroyed many works that he regarded as incorrect or
subversive. He ordered two copies of each text to be preserved in imperial
libraries. Some were destroyed in the fighting following the fall of the
dynasty. He had scholars killed, but not by being buried alive, and the victims
were not rú (Chinese: 儒; lit. 'Confucians'), since that school had not yet been
formed as such.

## 50. Business administration
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Business_administration
Summary: Business administration is the administration of a commercial enterprise. It
includes all aspects of overseeing and supervising the business operations of an
organization.

Total links processed: 50
Date and time: 2025-05-28 13:52:55
