# Citations for Solar_cell in Wikipedia.
Root page: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Solar_cell

## 1. 1973 oil crisis
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1973_oil_crisis
Summary: In October 1973, the Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries (OAPEC)
announced that it was implementing a total oil embargo against countries that
had supported Israel at any point during the 1973 Yom Kippur War, which began
after Egypt and Syria launched a large-scale surprise attack in an ultimately
unsuccessful attempt to recover the territories that they had lost to Israel
during the 1967 Six-Day War. In an effort that was led by Faisal of Saudi
Arabia, the initial countries that OAPEC targeted were Canada, Japan, the
Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and the United States. This list was later
expanded to include Portugal, Rhodesia, and South Africa. In March 1974, OAPEC
lifted the embargo, but the price of oil had risen by nearly 300%: from US$3 per
barrel ($19/m3) to nearly US$12 per barrel ($75/m3) globally. Prices in the
United States were significantly higher than the global average. After it was
implemented, the embargo caused an oil crisis, or "shock", with many short- and
long-term effects on the global economy as well as on global politics. The 1973
embargo later came to be referred to as the "first oil shock" vis-à-vis the
"second oil shock" that was the 1979 oil crisis, brought upon by the Iranian
Revolution.

## 2. ARCO
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ARCO
Summary: ARCO ( AR-koh) is a brand of gasoline stations owned by Marathon Petroleum. BP,
which formerly owned the brand, uses it in California, Oregon and Washington,
while Marathon has rights for the rest of the United States and Mexico. ARCO was
established in 1966 as the Atlantic Richfield Company, an independent oil and
gas company formed from the merger of Atlantic Petroleum and the Richfield Oil
Corporation.

## 3. Absorption (electromagnetic radiation)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Absorption_(electromagnetic_radiation)
Summary: In physics, absorption of electromagnetic radiation is how matter (typically
electrons bound in atoms) takes up a photon's energy—and so transforms
electromagnetic energy into internal energy of the absorber (for example,
thermal energy). A notable effect of the absorption of electromagnetic radiation
is attenuation of the radiation; attenuation is the gradual reduction of the
intensity of light waves as they propagate through a medium. Although the
absorption of waves does not usually depend on their intensity (linear
absorption), in certain conditions (optics) the medium's transparency changes by
a factor that varies as a function of wave intensity, and saturable absorption
(or nonlinear absorption) occurs.

## 4. Acrylate polymer
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acrylate_polymer
Summary: An acrylate polymer (also known as acrylic or polyacrylate) is any of a group of
polymers prepared from acrylate monomers. These plastics are noted for their
transparency, resistance to breakage, and elasticity. Acrylate polymer is
commonly used in cosmetics, such as nail polish, as an adhesive.

## 5. Albedo
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albedo
Summary: Albedo (  al-BEE-doh; from Latin  albedo 'whiteness') is the fraction of
sunlight that is diffusely reflected by a body. It is measured on a scale from 0
(corresponding to a black body that absorbs all incident radiation) to 1
(corresponding to a body that reflects all incident radiation). Surface albedo
is defined as the ratio of radiosity Je to the irradiance Ee (flux per unit
area) received by a surface. The proportion reflected is not only determined by
properties of the surface itself, but also by the spectral and angular
distribution of solar radiation reaching the Earth's surface. These factors vary
with atmospheric composition, geographic location, and time (see position of the
Sun). While directional-hemispherical reflectance factor is calculated for a
single angle of incidence (i.e., for a given position of the Sun), albedo is the
directional integration of reflectance over all solar angles in a given period.
The temporal resolution may range from seconds (as obtained from flux
measurements) to daily, monthly, or annual averages. Unless given for a specific
wavelength (spectral albedo), albedo refers to the entire spectrum of solar
radiation. Due to measurement constraints, it is often given for the spectrum in
which most solar energy reaches the surface (between 0.3 and 3 μm). This
spectrum includes visible light (0.4–0.7 μm), which explains why surfaces with a
low albedo appear dark (e.g., trees absorb most radiation), whereas surfaces
with a high albedo appear bright (e.g., snow reflects most radiation).
Ice–albedo feedback is a positive feedback climate process where a change in the
area of ice caps, glaciers, and sea ice alters the albedo and surface
temperature of a planet. Ice is very reflective, therefore it reflects far more
solar energy back to space than the other types of land area or open water.
Ice–albedo feedback plays an important role in global climate change. Albedo is
an important concept in climate science.

## 6. Albert Einstein
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Albert_Einstein
Summary: Albert Einstein (14 March 1879 – 18 April 1955) was a German-born theoretical
physicist who is best known for developing the theory of relativity. Einstein
also made important contributions to quantum mechanics. His mass–energy
equivalence formula E = mc2, which arises from special relativity, has been
called "the world's most famous equation". He received the 1921 Nobel Prize in
Physics for his services to theoretical physics, and especially for his
discovery of the law of the photoelectric effect. Born in the German Empire,
Einstein moved to Switzerland in 1895, forsaking his German citizenship (as a
subject of the Kingdom of Württemberg) the following year. In 1897, at the age
of seventeen, he enrolled in the mathematics and physics teaching diploma
program at the Swiss federal polytechnic school in Zurich, graduating in 1900.
He acquired Swiss citizenship a year later, which he kept for the rest of his
life, and afterwards secured a permanent position at the Swiss Patent Office in
Bern. In 1905, he submitted a successful PhD dissertation to the University of
Zurich. In 1914, he moved to Berlin to join the Prussian Academy of Sciences and
the Humboldt University of Berlin, becoming director of the Kaiser Wilhelm
Institute for Physics in 1917; he also became a German citizen again, this time
as a subject of the Kingdom of Prussia. In 1933, while Einstein was visiting the
United States, Adolf Hitler came to power in Germany. Horrified by the Nazi
persecution of his fellow Jews, he decided to remain in the US, and was granted
American citizenship in 1940. On the eve of World War II, he endorsed a letter
to President Franklin D. Roosevelt alerting him to the potential German nuclear
weapons program and recommending that the US begin similar research. In 1905,
sometimes described as his annus mirabilis (miracle year), he published four
groundbreaking papers. In them, he outlined a theory of the photoelectric
effect, explained Brownian motion, introduced his special theory of relativity,
and demonstrated that if the special theory is correct, mass and energy are
equivalent to each other. In 1915, he proposed a general theory of relativity
that extended his system of mechanics to incorporate gravitation. A cosmological
paper that he published the following year laid out the implications of general
relativity for the modeling of the structure and evolution of the universe as a
whole. In 1917, Einstein wrote a paper which introduced the concepts of
spontaneous emission and stimulated emission, the latter of which is the core
mechanism behind the laser and maser, and which contained a trove of information
that would be beneficial to developments in physics later on, such as quantum
electrodynamics and quantum optics. In the middle part of his career, Einstein
made important contributions to statistical mechanics and quantum theory.
Especially notable was his work on the quantum physics of radiation, in which
light consists of particles, subsequently called photons. With physicist
Satyendra Nath Bose, he laid the groundwork for Bose–Einstein statistics. For
much of the last phase of his academic life, Einstein worked on two endeavors
that ultimately proved unsuccessful. First, he advocated against quantum
theory's introduction of fundamental randomness into science's picture of the
world, objecting that God does not play dice. Second, he attempted to devise a
unified field theory by generalizing his geometric theory of gravitation to
include electromagnetism. As a result, he became increasingly isolated from
mainstream modern physics.

## 7. Aleksandr Stoletov
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aleksandr_Stoletov
Summary: Alexander Grigorievich Stoletov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Григо́рьевич Столе́тов; 10
August 1839 – 27 May 1896) was a Russian physicist, founder of electrical
engineering, and professor in Moscow University. He was the brother of general
Nikolai Stoletov.

## 8. Alkaline battery
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alkaline_battery
Summary: An alkaline battery (IEC code: L) is a type of primary battery where the
electrolyte (most commonly potassium hydroxide) has a pH value above 7.
Typically, these batteries derive energy from the reaction between zinc metal
and manganese dioxide. Compared with zinc–carbon batteries of the Leclanché cell
or zinc chloride types, alkaline batteries have a higher energy density and
longer shelf life yet provide the same voltage. The alkaline battery gets its
name because it has an alkaline electrolyte of potassium hydroxide (KOH) instead
of the acidic ammonium chloride (NH4Cl) or zinc chloride (ZnCl2) electrolyte of
the zinc–carbon batteries. Other battery systems also use alkaline electrolytes,
but they use different active materials for the electrodes. As of 2011, alkaline
batteries accounted for 80% of manufactured batteries in the US and over 10
billion individual units produced worldwide. In Japan, alkaline batteries
accounted for 46% of all primary battery sales. In Switzerland, alkaline
batteries accounted for 68%, in the UK 60% and in the EU 47% of all battery
sales including secondary types.  Alkaline batteries contain zinc (Zn) and
manganese dioxide (MnO2), which is a cumulative neurotoxin and can be toxic in
higher concentrations. However, compared to other battery types, the toxicity of
alkaline batteries is moderate. Alkaline batteries are used in many household
items such as portable media players, digital cameras, toys, flashlights, and
radios.

## 9. Alternating current
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alternating_current
Summary: Alternating current (AC) is an electric current that periodically reverses
direction and changes its magnitude continuously with time, in contrast to
direct current (DC), which flows only in one direction. Alternating current is
the form in which electric power is delivered to businesses and residences, and
it is the form of electrical energy that consumers typically use when they plug
kitchen appliances, televisions, fans and electric lamps into a wall socket. The
abbreviations AC and DC are often used to mean simply alternating and direct,
respectively, as when they modify current or voltage. The usual waveform of
alternating current in most electric power circuits is a sine wave, whose
positive half-period corresponds with positive direction of the current and vice
versa (the full period is called a cycle). "Alternating current" most commonly
refers to power distribution, but a wide range of other applications are
technically alternating current although it is less common to describe them by
that term.   In many applications, like guitar amplifiers, different waveforms
are used, such as triangular waves or square waves. Audio and radio signals
carried on electrical wires are also examples of alternating current. These
types of alternating current carry information such as sound (audio) or images
(video) sometimes carried by modulation of an AC carrier signal. These currents
typically alternate at higher frequencies than those used in power transmission.

## 10. Aluminium–air battery
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aluminium%E2%80%93air_battery
Summary: Aluminium–air batteries (Al–air batteries) produce electricity from the reaction
of oxygen in the air with aluminium. They have one of the highest energy
densities of all batteries, but they are not widely used because of problems
with high anode cost and byproduct removal when using traditional electrolytes.
This has restricted their use to mainly military applications. However, an
electric vehicle with aluminium batteries has the potential for up to eight
times the range of a lithium-ion battery with a significantly lower total
weight. Aluminium–air batteries are primary cells, i.e., non-rechargeable. Once
the aluminium anode is consumed by its reaction with atmospheric oxygen at a
cathode immersed in a water-based electrolyte to form hydrated aluminium oxide,
the battery will no longer produce electricity. However, it is possible to
mechanically recharge the battery with new aluminium anodes made from recycling
the hydrated aluminium oxide. Such recycling would be essential if aluminium–air
batteries were to be widely adopted. Aluminium-powered vehicles have been under
discussion for some decades. Hybridisation mitigates the costs, and in 1989 road
tests of a hybridised aluminium–air/lead–acid battery in an electric vehicle
were reported. An aluminium-powered plug-in hybrid minivan was demonstrated in
Ontario in 1990. In March 2013, Phinergy released a video demonstration of an
electric car using aluminium–air cells driven 330 km using a special cathode and
potassium hydroxide. On May 27, 2013, the Israeli channel 10 evening news
broadcast showed a car with Phinergy battery in the back, claiming 2,000
kilometres (1,200 mi) range before replacement of the aluminium anodes is
necessary.

## 11. American Solar Challenge
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/American_Solar_Challenge
Summary: The American Solar Challenge (ASC), previously known as the North American Solar
Challenge and Sunrayce, is a solar car race across the United States. In the
race, teams from colleges and universities throughout North America design,
build, test, and race solar-powered vehicles in a long distance road rally-style
event. ASC is a test of teamwork, engineering skill, and endurance that
stretches across thousands of miles of public roads. The competition occurs
every two years in the summer of even years. ASC 2020 was postponed until 2021
due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

## 12. Amorphous silicon
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Amorphous_silicon
Summary: Amorphous silicon (a-Si) is the non-crystalline form of silicon used for solar
cells and thin-film transistors in LCDs. Used as semiconductor material for a-Si
solar cells, or thin-film silicon solar cells, it is deposited in thin films
onto a variety of flexible substrates, such as glass, metal and plastic.
Amorphous silicon cells generally feature low efficiency. As a second-generation
thin-film solar cell technology, amorphous silicon was once expected to become a
major contributor in the fast-growing worldwide photovoltaic market, but has
since lost its significance due to strong competition from conventional
crystalline silicon cells and other thin-film technologies such as CdTe and
CIGS. Amorphous silicon is a preferred material for the thin film transistor
(TFT) elements of liquid crystal displays (LCDs) and for x-ray imagers.
Amorphous silicon differs from other allotropic variations, such as
monocrystalline silicon—a single crystal, and polycrystalline silicon, that
consists of small grains, also known as crystallites.

## 13. Anion
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ion
Summary: An ion () is an atom or molecule with a net electrical charge. The charge of an
electron is considered to be negative by convention and this charge is equal and
opposite to the charge of a proton, which is considered to be positive by
convention. The net charge of an ion is not zero because its total number of
electrons is unequal to its total number of protons. A cation is a positively
charged ion with fewer electrons than protons (e.g. K+ (potassium ion)) while an
anion is a negatively charged ion with more electrons than protons (e.g. Cl−
(chloride ion) and OH− (hydroxide ion)). Opposite electric charges are pulled
towards one another by electrostatic force, so cations and anions attract each
other and readily form ionic compounds. Ions consisting of only a single atom
are termed monatomic ions, atomic ions or simple ions, while ions consisting of
two or more atoms are termed polyatomic ions or molecular ions. If only a + or −
is present, it indicates a +1 or −1 charge, as seen in Na+ (sodium ion) and F−
(fluoride ion). To indicate a more severe charge, the number of additional or
missing electrons is supplied, as seen in O2−2 (peroxide, negatively charged,
polyatomic) and He2+ (alpha particle, positively charged, monatomic). In the
case of physical ionization in a fluid (gas or liquid), "ion pairs" are created
by spontaneous molecule collisions, where each generated pair consists of a free
electron and a positive ion. Ions are also created by chemical interactions,
such as the dissolution of a salt in liquids, or by other means, such as passing
a direct current through a conducting solution, dissolving an anode via
ionization.

## 14. Anita Ho-Baillie
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anita_Ho-Baillie
Summary: Anita Ho-Baillie is an Australian scientist who is the John Hooke Chair of
Nanoscience at the University of Sydney. Her research considers the development
of durable perovskite solar cells and their integration into different
applications. She was named as one of the Web of Science's most highly cited
researchers in 2019–2022.

## 15. Anode
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anode
Summary: An anode usually is an electrode of a polarized electrical device through which
conventional current enters the device. This contrasts with a cathode, which is
usually an electrode of the device through which conventional current leaves the
device. A common mnemonic is ACID, for "anode current into device". The
direction of conventional current (the flow of positive charges) in a circuit is
opposite to the direction of electron flow, so (negatively charged) electrons
flow from the anode of a galvanic cell, into an outside or external circuit
connected to the cell. For example, the end of a household battery marked with a
"+" is the cathode (while discharging). In both a galvanic cell and an
electrolytic cell, the anode is the electrode at which the oxidation reaction
occurs. In a galvanic cell the anode is the wire or plate having excess negative
charge as a result of the oxidation reaction. In an electrolytic cell, the anode
is the wire or plate upon which excess positive charge is imposed. As a result
of this, anions will tend to move towards the anode where they will undergo
oxidation. Historically, the anode of a galvanic cell was also known as the
zincode because it was usually composed of zinc.: pg. 209, 214

## 16. Anomalous photovoltaic effect
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anomalous_photovoltaic_effect
Summary: The anomalous photovoltaic effect (APE) is a type of a photovoltaic effect which
occurs in certain semiconductors and insulators. The "anomalous" refers to those
cases where the photovoltage (i.e., the open-circuit voltage caused by the
light) is larger than the band gap of the corresponding semiconductor. In some
cases, the voltage may reach thousands of volts. Although the voltage is
unusually high, the short-circuit current is unusually low. Overall, materials
that exhibit the anomalous photovoltaic effect have very low power generation
efficiencies, and are never used in practical power-generation systems. There
are several situations in which APE can arise. First, in polycrystalline
materials, each microscopic grain can act as a photovoltaic. Then the grains add
in series, so that the overall open-circuit voltage across the sample is large,
potentially much larger than the bandgap. Second, in a similar manner, certain
ferroelectric materials can develop stripes consisting of parallel ferroelectric
domains, where each domain acts like a photovoltaic and each domain wall acts
like a contact connecting the adjacent photovoltaics (or vice versa). Again,
domains add in series, so that the overall open-circuit voltage is large. Third,
a perfect single crystal with a non-centrosymmetric structure can develop a
giant photovoltage. This is specifically called the bulk photovoltaic effect
(BPV effect), and occurs because of non-centrosymmetry. Specifically, the
electron processes—photo-excitation, scattering, and relaxation—occur with
different probabilities for electron motion in one direction versus the opposite
direction. The compound α-In2Se3 can be made to exhibit the bulk photovoltaic
effect and outperform traditional solar cells.

## 17. Anti-reflective coating
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anti-reflective_coating
Summary: An antireflective, antiglare or anti-reflection (AR) coating is a type of
optical coating applied to the surface of lenses, other optical elements, and
photovoltaic cells to reduce reflection. In typical imaging systems, this
improves the efficiency since less light is lost due to reflection. In complex
systems such as cameras, binoculars, telescopes, and microscopes the reduction
in reflections also improves the contrast of the image by elimination of stray
light. This is especially important in planetary astronomy. In other
applications, the primary benefit is the elimination of the reflection itself,
such as a coating on eyeglass lenses that makes the eyes of the wearer more
visible to others, or a coating to reduce the glint from a covert viewer's
binoculars or telescopic sight. Many coatings consist of transparent thin film
structures with alternating layers of contrasting refractive index.  Layer
thicknesses are chosen to produce destructive interference in the beams
reflected from the interfaces, and constructive interference in the
corresponding transmitted beams.  This makes the structure's performance change
with wavelength and incident angle, so that color effects often appear at
oblique angles.  A wavelength range must be specified when designing or ordering
such coatings, but good performance can often be achieved for a relatively wide
range of frequencies: usually a choice of IR, visible, or UV is offered.

## 18. Antonio Luque López
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antonio_Luque
Summary: Antonio Luque López (born Málaga, 15 August 1941) is a Spanish scientist and
entrepreneur in the field of photovoltaic solar energy. In 1979 he founded the
Institute of Solar Energy of the Technical University of Madrid (IES-UPM) and
was its director till his retirement in 2017; he is currently its honorary
president as well as professor emeritus in this university. He invented the
bifacial solar cell in the late 1970s, today one of the mainstream solar cell
technologies, and founded Isofoton in 1981 for its industrial production. He is,
arguably, one of the fathers of the science and technology of concentrator
photovoltaics and has been active in the research and development of high-
efficiency photovoltaic conversion devices, inventing the intermediate band
solar cell.

## 19. ArXiv (identifier)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ArXiv
Summary: arXiv (pronounced as "archive"—the X represents the Greek letter chi ⟨χ⟩) is an
open-access repository of electronic preprints and postprints (known as
e-prints) approved for posting after moderation, but not peer reviewed. It
consists of scientific papers in the fields of mathematics, physics, astronomy,
electrical engineering, computer science, quantitative biology, statistics,
mathematical finance, and economics, which can be accessed online. In many
fields of mathematics and physics, almost all scientific papers are self-
archived on the arXiv repository before publication in a peer-reviewed journal.
Some publishers also grant permission for authors to archive the peer-reviewed
postprint. Begun on August 14, 1991, arXiv.org passed the half-million-article
milestone on October 3, 2008, had hit a million by the end of 2014 and two
million by the end of 2021. As of November 2024, the submission rate is about
24,000 articles per month.

## 20. Atmospheric pressure
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmospheric_pressure
Summary: Atmospheric pressure, also known as air pressure or barometric pressure (after
the barometer), is the pressure within the atmosphere of Earth. The standard
atmosphere (symbol: atm) is a unit of pressure defined as 101,325 Pa (1,013.25
hPa), which is equivalent to 1,013.25 millibars, 760 mm Hg, 29.9212 inches Hg,
or 14.696 psi. The atm unit is roughly equivalent to the mean sea-level
atmospheric pressure on Earth; that is, the Earth's atmospheric pressure at sea
level is approximately 1 atm.  In most circumstances, atmospheric pressure is
closely approximated by the hydrostatic pressure caused by the weight of air
above the measurement point. As elevation increases, there is less overlying
atmospheric mass, so atmospheric pressure decreases with increasing elevation.
Because the atmosphere is thin relative to the Earth's radius—especially the
dense atmospheric layer at low altitudes—the Earth's gravitational acceleration
as a function of altitude can be approximated as constant and contributes little
to this fall-off. Pressure measures force per unit area, with SI units of
pascals (1 pascal = 1 newton per square metre, 1 N/m2). On average, a column of
air with a cross-sectional area of 1 square centimetre (cm2), measured from the
mean (average) sea level to the top of Earth's atmosphere, has a mass of about
1.03 kilogram and exerts a force or "weight" of about 10.1 newtons, resulting in
a pressure of 10.1 N/cm2 or 101 kN/m2 (101 kilopascals, kPa). A column of air
with a cross-sectional area of 1 in2 would have a weight of about 14.7 lbf,
resulting in a pressure of 14.7 lbf/in2.

## 21. Atomic battery
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atomic_battery
Summary: An atomic battery, nuclear battery, radioisotope battery or radioisotope
generator uses energy from the decay of a radioactive isotope to generate
electricity.  Like a nuclear reactor, it generates electricity from nuclear
energy, but it differs by not using a chain reaction. Although commonly called
batteries, atomic batteries are technically not electrochemical and cannot be
charged or recharged. Although they are very costly, they have extremely long
lives and high energy density, so they are typically used as power sources for
equipment that must operate unattended for long periods, such as spacecraft,
pacemakers, underwater systems, and automated scientific stations in remote
parts of the world. Nuclear batteries began in 1913, when Henry Moseley first
demonstrated a current generated by charged-particle radiation. In the 1950s and
1960s, this field of research got much attention for applications requiring
long-life power sources for spacecraft. In 1954, RCA researched a small atomic
battery for small radio receivers and hearing aids. Since RCA's initial research
and development in the early 1950s, many types and methods have been designed to
extract electrical energy from nuclear sources. The scientific principles are
well known, but modern nano-scale technology and new wide-bandgap semiconductors
have allowed the making of new devices and interesting material properties not
previously available. Nuclear batteries can be classified by their means of
energy conversion into two main groups: thermal converters and non-thermal
converters. The thermal types convert some of the heat generated by the nuclear
decay into electricity; an example is the radioisotope thermoelectric generator
(RTG), often used in spacecraft. The non-thermal converters, such as betavoltaic
cells, extract energy directly from the emitted radiation, before it is degraded
into heat; they are easier to miniaturize and do not need a thermal gradient to
operate, so they can be used in small machines. Atomic batteries usually have an
efficiency of 0.1–5%. High-efficiency betavoltaic devices can reach 6–8%
efficiency.

## 22. Automotive battery
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Automotive_battery
Summary: An automotive battery, or car battery, is a usually 12 Volt lead-acid
rechargeable battery that is used to start a motor vehicle, and to power lights,
screen wiper etc. while the engine is off. Its main purpose is to provide an
electric current to the electric-powered starting motor, which in turn starts
the chemically-powered internal combustion engine that actually propels the
vehicle. Once the engine is running, power for the car's electrical systems is
still supplied by the battery, with the alternator charging the battery as
demands increase or decrease.

## 23. Autonomous building
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Autonomous_building
Summary: An autonomous building is a hypothetical building designed to be operated
independently from infrastructural support services such as the electric power
grid, gas grid, municipal water systems, sewage treatment systems, storm drains,
communication services, and in some cases, public roads. The literature mostly
refers to housing, or the autonomous house. Advocates of autonomous building
describe advantages that include reduced environmental impacts, increased
security, and lower costs of ownership. Some cited advantages satisfy tenets of
green building, not independence per se (see below). Off-grid buildings often
rely very little on civil services and are therefore safer and more comfortable
during civil disaster or military attacks. For example, off-grid buildings would
not lose power or water if public supplies were compromised.

## 24. Balance of system
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Balance_of_system
Summary: The balance of system (BOS) encompasses all components of a photovoltaic system
other than the photovoltaic panels.  This includes wiring, switches, a mounting
system, one or many solar inverters, a battery bank and battery charger. Other
optional components include renewable energy credit revenue-grade meter, maximum
power point tracker (MPPT), GPS solar tracker, Energy management software, solar
concentrators, solar irradiance sensors, anemometer, or task-specific
accessories designed to meet specialized requirements for a system owner. In
addition, concentrated photovoltaics systems require optical lenses or mirrors
and sometimes a cooling system. In addition, ground-mounted, large photovoltaic
power station require equipment and facilities, such as grid connections, office
facilities, and concrete. Land is sometimes included as part of the BOS as well.

## 25. Band gap
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Band_gap
Summary: In solid-state physics and solid-state chemistry, a band gap, also called a
bandgap or energy gap, is an energy range in a solid where no electronic states
exist. In graphs of the electronic band structure of solids, the band gap refers
to the energy difference (often expressed in electronvolts) between the top of
the valence band and the bottom of the conduction band in insulators and
semiconductors.  It is the energy required to promote an electron from the
valence band to the conduction band. The resulting conduction-band electron (and
the electron hole in the valence band) are free to move within the crystal
lattice and serve as charge carriers to conduct electric current.  It is closely
related to the HOMO/LUMO gap in chemistry. If the valence band is completely
full and the conduction band is completely empty, then electrons cannot move
within the solid because there are no available states. If the electrons are not
free to move within the crystal lattice, then there is no generated current due
to no net charge carrier mobility. However, if some electrons transfer from the
valence band (mostly full) to the conduction band (mostly empty), then current
can flow (see carrier generation and recombination). Therefore, the band gap is
a major factor determining the electrical conductivity of a solid. Substances
having large band gaps (also called "wide" band gaps) are generally insulators,
those with small band gaps (also called "narrow" band gaps) are semiconductors,
and conductors either have very small band gaps or none, because the valence and
conduction bands overlap to form a continuous band.   It is possible to produce
laser induced insulator-metal transitions which have  already been
experimentally observed in some condensed matter systems, like thin films of
C60,  doped manganites, or in vanadium sesquioxide V2O3. These are special cases
of the more general metal-to-nonmetal transitions phenomena which were
intensively studied in the last decades. A one-dimensional analytic model of
laser induced distortion of band structure was presented for a spatially
periodic (cosine) potential. This problem is periodic both in space and time and
can be solved analytically using the Kramers-Henneberger co-moving frame.  The
solutions can be given with the help of the Mathieu functions.

## 26. Bandgap
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Band_gap
Summary: In solid-state physics and solid-state chemistry, a band gap, also called a
bandgap or energy gap, is an energy range in a solid where no electronic states
exist. In graphs of the electronic band structure of solids, the band gap refers
to the energy difference (often expressed in electronvolts) between the top of
the valence band and the bottom of the conduction band in insulators and
semiconductors.  It is the energy required to promote an electron from the
valence band to the conduction band. The resulting conduction-band electron (and
the electron hole in the valence band) are free to move within the crystal
lattice and serve as charge carriers to conduct electric current.  It is closely
related to the HOMO/LUMO gap in chemistry. If the valence band is completely
full and the conduction band is completely empty, then electrons cannot move
within the solid because there are no available states. If the electrons are not
free to move within the crystal lattice, then there is no generated current due
to no net charge carrier mobility. However, if some electrons transfer from the
valence band (mostly full) to the conduction band (mostly empty), then current
can flow (see carrier generation and recombination). Therefore, the band gap is
a major factor determining the electrical conductivity of a solid. Substances
having large band gaps (also called "wide" band gaps) are generally insulators,
those with small band gaps (also called "narrow" band gaps) are semiconductors,
and conductors either have very small band gaps or none, because the valence and
conduction bands overlap to form a continuous band.   It is possible to produce
laser induced insulator-metal transitions which have  already been
experimentally observed in some condensed matter systems, like thin films of
C60,  doped manganites, or in vanadium sesquioxide V2O3. These are special cases
of the more general metal-to-nonmetal transitions phenomena which were
intensively studied in the last decades. A one-dimensional analytic model of
laser induced distortion of band structure was presented for a spatially
periodic (cosine) potential. This problem is periodic both in space and time and
can be solved analytically using the Kramers-Henneberger co-moving frame.  The
solutions can be given with the help of the Mathieu functions.

## 27. Bayer AG
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bayer
Summary: Bayer AG (English: , commonly pronounced ; German: [ˈbaɪɐ]) is a German
multinational pharmaceutical and biotechnology company and is one of the largest
pharmaceutical companies and biomedical companies in the world. Headquartered in
Leverkusen, Bayer's areas of business include: pharmaceuticals, consumer
healthcare products, agricultural chemicals, seeds and biotechnology products.
The company is a component of the EURO STOXX 50 stock market index. Bayer was
founded in 1863 in Barmen as a partnership between dye salesman Friedrich Bayer
(1825–1880) and dyer Friedrich Weskott (1821–1876). The company was established
as a dyestuffs producer, but the versatility of aniline chemistry led Bayer to
expand its business into other areas. In 1899, Bayer launched the compound
acetylsalicylic acid under the trademarked name Aspirin. Aspirin is on the World
Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines. In 2021, it was the 34th most
commonly prescribed medication in the United States, with more than 17 million
prescriptions. In 1904, Bayer received a trademark for the "Bayer Cross" logo,
which was subsequently stamped onto each aspirin tablet, creating an iconic
product that is still sold by Bayer. Other commonly known products initially
commercialized by Bayer include heroin, phenobarbital, polyurethanes, and
polycarbonates. In 1925, Bayer merged with five other German companies to form
IG Farben, creating the world's largest chemical and pharmaceutical company. The
first sulfonamide and the first systemically active antibacterial drug,
forerunner of antibiotics, Prontosil, was developed by a research team led by
Gerhard Domagk in 1932 or 1933 at the Bayer Laboratories. Following World War
II, the Allied Control Council seized IG Farben's assets because of its role in
the Nazi war effort and involvement in the Holocaust, including using slave
labour from concentration camps and humans for dangerous medical testing, and
production of Zyklon B, a chemical used in gas chambers. In 1951, IG Farben was
split into its constituent companies, and Bayer was reincorporated as
Farbenfabriken Bayer AG. After the war, Bayer re-hired several former Nazis to
high-level positions, including convicted Nazi war criminals found guilty at the
IG Farben Trial like Fritz ter Meer. Bayer played a key role in the
Wirtschaftswunder in post-war West Germany, quickly regaining its position as
one of the world's largest chemical and pharmaceutical corporations. In 2016,
Bayer merged with the American multinational Monsanto in what was the biggest
acquisition by a German company to date. However, owing to the massive financial
and reputational blows caused by ongoing litigation concerning Monsanto's
herbicide Roundup, the deal is considered one of the worst corporate mergers in
history. Bayer owns the Bundesliga football club Bayer 04 Leverkusen.

## 28. Bell Laboratories
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bell_Labs
Summary: Nokia Bell Labs, commonly referred to as Bell Labs, is an American industrial
research and development company owned by Finnish technology company Nokia. With
headquarters located in Murray Hill, New Jersey, the company operates several
laboratories in the United States and around the world. As a former subsidiary
of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company (AT&T), Bell Labs and its
researchers have been credited with the development of radio astronomy, the
transistor, the laser, the photovoltaic cell, the charge-coupled device (CCD),
information theory, the Unix operating system, and the programming languages B,
C, C++, S, SNOBOL, AWK, AMPL, and others, throughout the 20th century. Eleven
Nobel Prizes and five Turing Awards have been awarded for work completed at Bell
Laboratories. Bell Labs had its origin in the complex corporate organization of
the Bell System telephone conglomerate. The laboratory began operating in the
late 19th century as the Western Electric Engineering Department, located at 463
West Street in New York City. After years of advancing telecommunication
innovations, the department was reformed into Bell Telephone Laboratories in
1925 and placed under the shared ownership of Western Electric and the American
Telephone and Telegraph Company. In the 1960s, laboratory and company
headquarters were moved to Murray Hill, New Jersey. Its alumni during this time
include a plethora of world-renowned scientists and engineers. With the breakup
of the Bell System, Bell Labs became a subsidiary of AT&T Technologies in 1984,
which resulted in a drastic decline in its funding. In 1996, AT&T spun off AT&T
Technologies, which was renamed to Lucent Technologies, using the Murray Hill
site for headquarters. Bell Laboratories was split with AT&T retaining parts as
AT&T Laboratories. In 2006, Lucent merged with French telecommunication company
Alcatel to form Alcatel-Lucent, which was acquired by Nokia in 2016.

## 29. Bibcode (identifier)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bibcode
Summary: The bibcode (also known as the refcode) is a compact identifier used by several
astronomical data systems to uniquely specify literature references.

## 30. Bifacial solar cells
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bifacial_solar_cells
Summary: A bifacial solar cell (BSC) is any photovoltaic solar cell that can produce
electrical energy when illuminated on either of its surfaces, front or rear. In
contrast, monofacial solar cells produce electrical energy only when photons
impinge on their front side. Bifacial solar cells can make use of albedo
radiation, which is useful for applications where a lot of light is reflected on
surfaces such as roofs. The concept was introduced as a means of increasing the
energy output in solar cells. Efficiency of solar cells, defined as the ratio of
incident luminous power to generated electrical power under one or several suns
(1 sun = 1000W/m2 ), is measured independently for the front and rear surfaces
for bifacial solar cells. The bifaciality factor (%) is defined as the ratio of
rear efficiency to the front efficiency subject to the same irradiance. The vast
majority of solar cells today are made of silicon (Si). Silicon is a
semiconductor and as such, its external electrons are in an interval of energies
called the valence band and they completely fill the energy levels of this band.
Above this valence band there is a forbidden band, or band gap, of energies
within which no electron can exist, and further above, we find the conduction
band. The conduction band of semiconductors is almost empty of electrons, but it
is where valence band electrons will find accommodation after being excited by
the absorption of photons. The excited electrons have more energy than the
ordinary electrons of the semiconductor. The electrical conductivity of Si, as
described so far, called intrinsic silicon, is exceedingly small. Introducing
impurities to the Si in the form of phosphorus atoms will provide additional
electrons located in the conduction band, rendering the Si n-type, with a
conductivity that can be engineered by modifying the density of phosphorus
atoms. Alternatively, impurification with boron or aluminum atoms renders the Si
p-type, with a conductivity that can also be engineered. These impurity atoms
retrieve electrons from the valence band leaving the so-called "holes" in it,
that behave like virtual positive charges. Si solar cells are usually doped with
boron, so behaving as a p-type semiconductor and have a narrow (~0.5 microns)
superficial n-type region. Between the p-type region and the n-type region the
so-called p-n junction is formed, in which an electric field is formed which
separates electrons and holes, the electrons towards the n-type region at the
surface and the holes towards the p-type region. Under illumination an excess of
electron-hole pairs are generated, because more electrons are excited. Thus, a
photocurrent is generated, which is extracted by metal contacts located on both
faces of the semiconductor. The electron-hole pairs generated by light falling
outside the p-n junction are not separated by the electric field, and thus the
electron-hole pairs end up recombining without producing a photocurrent. The
roles of the p and n regions in the cell can be interchanged. Accordingly, a
monofacial solar cell produces photocurrent only if the face where the junction
has been formed is illuminated. Instead, a bifacial solar cell is designed in
such a way that the cell will produce a photocurrent when either side, front or
rear, is illuminated. BSCs and modules (arrays of BSCs) were invented and first
produced for space and earth applications in the late 1970s, and became
mainstream solar cell technology by the 2010s. It is foreseen that it will
become the leading approach to photovoltaic solar cell manufacturing by 2030 due
to the shown benefits over monofacial options including increased performance,
versatility, and reduce soiling impact.

## 31. Binder (material)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Binder_(material)
Summary: A binder or binding agent is any material or substance that holds or draws other
materials together to form a cohesive whole mechanically, chemically, by
adhesion or cohesion. More narrowly, binders are liquid or dough-like substances
that harden by a chemical or physical process and bind fibres, filler powder and
other particles added into it. Examples include glue, adhesive and thickening.
Examples of mechanical binders are bond stones in masonry and tie beams in
timber framing.

## 32. Black silicon
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_silicon
Summary: Black silicon is a semiconductor material, a surface modification of silicon
with very low reflectivity and correspondingly high absorption of visible (and
infrared) light. The modification was discovered in the 1980s as an unwanted
side effect of reactive ion etching (RIE). Other methods for forming a similar
structure include electrochemical etching, stain etching, metal-assisted
chemical etching, and laser treatment. Black silicon has become a major asset to
the solar photovoltaic industry as it enables greater light to electricity
conversion efficiency of standard crystalline silicon solar cells, which
significantly reduces their costs.

## 33. Block copolymers
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copolymer
Summary: In polymer chemistry, a copolymer is a polymer derived from more than one
species of monomer. The polymerization of monomers into copolymers is called
copolymerization. Copolymers obtained from the copolymerization of two monomer
species are sometimes called bipolymers.  Those obtained from three and four
monomers are called terpolymers  and quaterpolymers, respectively. Copolymers
can be characterized by a variety of techniques such as NMR spectroscopy and
size-exclusion chromatography to determine the molecular size, weight,
properties, and composition of the material. Commercial copolymers include
acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS), styrene/butadiene co-polymer (SBR),
nitrile rubber, styrene-acrylonitrile, styrene-isoprene-styrene (SIS) and
ethylene-vinyl acetate, all of which are formed by chain-growth polymerization.
Another production mechanism is step-growth polymerization, which is used to
produce the nylon-12/6/66 copolymer of nylon 12, nylon 6 and nylon 66, as well
as the copolyester family. Copolymers can be used to develop commercial goods or
drug delivery vehicles.    Since a copolymer consists of at least two types of
constituent units (also structural units), copolymers can be classified based on
how these units are arranged along the chain.  Linear copolymers consist of a
single main chain and include alternating copolymers, statistical copolymers,
and block copolymers. Branched copolymers consist of a single main chain with
one or more polymeric side chains, and can be grafted, star shaped, or have
other architectures.

## 34. Boeing X-37
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boeing_X-37
Summary: The Boeing X-37, also known as the Orbital Test Vehicle (OTV), is a reusable
robotic spacecraft. It is boosted into space by a launch vehicle, re-enters
Earth's atmosphere, and lands as a spaceplane. The X-37 is operated by the
Department of the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office, in collaboration with the
United States Space Force, for orbital spaceflight missions intended to
demonstrate reusable space technologies. It is a 120-percent-scaled derivative
of the earlier Boeing X-40. The X-37 began as a NASA project in 1999, before
being transferred to the United States Department of Defense in 2004. Until
2019, the program was managed by Air Force Space Command. An X-37 first flew
during a drop test in 2006; its first orbital mission was launched in April 2010
on an Atlas V rocket, and returned to Earth in December 2010. Subsequent flights
gradually extended the mission duration, reaching 780 days in orbit for the
fifth mission, the first to launch on a Falcon 9 rocket. The sixth mission
launched on an Atlas V on 17 May 2020 and concluded on 12 November 2022,
reaching 908 days in orbit. The seventh mission launched on 28 December 2023 on
a Falcon Heavy rocket, entering a highly elliptical high Earth orbit, landing in
March 2025 after 434 days in orbit.

## 35. Boron
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boron
Summary: Boron is a chemical element; it has symbol B and atomic number 5. In its
crystalline form it is a brittle, dark, lustrous metalloid; in its amorphous
form it is a brown powder. As the lightest element of the boron group it has
three valence electrons for forming covalent bonds, resulting in many compounds
such as boric acid, the mineral sodium borate, and the ultra-hard crystals of
boron carbide and boron nitride. Boron is synthesized entirely by cosmic ray
spallation and supernovas and not by stellar nucleosynthesis, so it is a low-
abundance element in the Solar System and in the Earth's crust. It constitutes
about 0.001 percent by weight of Earth's crust. It is concentrated on Earth by
the water-solubility of its more common naturally occurring compounds, the
borate minerals. These are mined industrially as evaporites, such as borax and
kernite. The largest known deposits are in Turkey, the largest producer of boron
minerals. Elemental boron is found in small amounts in meteoroids, but
chemically uncombined boron is not otherwise found naturally on Earth. Several
allotropes exist: amorphous boron is a brown powder; crystalline boron is
silvery to black, extremely hard (9.3 on the Mohs scale), and a poor electrical
conductor at room temperature (1.5 × 10−6 Ω−1 cm−1 room temperature electrical
conductivity). The primary use of the element itself is as boron filaments with
applications similar to carbon fibers in some high-strength materials. Boron is
primarily used in chemical compounds. About half of all production consumed
globally is an additive in fiberglass for insulation and structural materials.
The next leading use is in polymers and ceramics in high-strength, lightweight
structural and heat-resistant materials. Borosilicate glass is desired for its
greater strength and thermal shock resistance than ordinary soda lime glass. As
sodium perborate, it is used as a bleach. A small amount is used as a dopant in
semiconductors, and reagent intermediates in the synthesis of organic fine
chemicals. A few boron-containing organic pharmaceuticals are used or are in
study. Natural boron is composed of two stable isotopes, one of which (boron-10)
has a number of uses as a neutron-capturing agent. Borates have low toxicity in
mammals (similar to table salt) but are more toxic to arthropods and are
occasionally used as insecticides. Boron-containing organic antibiotics are
known. Although only traces are required, it is an essential plant nutrient.

## 36. Boule (crystal)
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boule_(crystal)
Summary: A boule is a single-crystal ingot produced by synthetic means. A boule of
silicon is the starting material for most of the integrated circuits used today.
In the semiconductor industry synthetic boules can be made by a number of
methods, such as the Bridgman technique and the Czochralski process, which
result in a cylindrical rod of material. In the Czochralski process a seed
crystal is required to create a larger crystal, or ingot. This seed crystal is
dipped into the pure molten silicon and slowly extracted. The molten silicon
grows on the seed crystal in a crystalline fashion. As the seed is extracted the
silicon solidifies and eventually a large, cylindrical boule is produced. A
semiconductor crystal boule is normally cut into circular wafers using an inside
hole diamond saw or diamond wire saw, and each wafer is lapped and polished to
provide substrates suitable for the fabrication of semiconductor devices on its
surface. The process is also used to create sapphires, which are used for
substrates in the production of blue and white LEDs, optical windows in special
applications and as the protective covers for watches. A popular method used to
create sapphire boules is the Heat Exchanger Method (HEM), in which aluminum
oxide is placed in a molybdenum crucible and heated until melting at 2200°C. It
allows for very large crystals over 30 cm wide to be produced. The process takes
place in a vacuum. A sapphire seed crystal sits at the bottom of the crucible
and is kept from melting by heat exchange (cooling) with helium gas or liquid
helium in which is shielded from the vacuum by a cold finger heat exchanger. The
furnace is kept at a temperature just above melting, but the heat exchanger is
at a temperature just below melting. Then the heat exchanger temperature is
lowered to start crystalization, and then the aluminum oxide is cooled over a
period of at least 72 hours to 17 days to crystalize it into sapphire. The
crucibles are single use, the process is similar to the Bridgman technique and
the Stöber methods for crystal growth, and was used for iPhone screens. The
crystal grows upward from the bottom of the crucible.  Another method is the
Edge-defined Film-fed Growth (EFG) method, very similar to the Czochralski
method but the material passes through a die before cooling, which shapes the
crystal. The crystal does not rotate. Chemical Vapor Deposition (CVD), gradient
furnace or vertical bridgman processes can be used for sapphire crystal growth.
The temperature gradient method uses a furnace in which a crucible containing
material is located. On the bottom of the crucible, a seed crystal is placed.
The material is melted and then kept molten for hours until the temperature
stabilizes. The furnace is operated in a vacuum and when the temperature reaches
1400°c at the bottom of the crucible, argon gas is injected. Crystallization
then starts by cooling the molten material at 1.3 to 3 kelvin per hour, with a
linear temperature gradient across the height of the furnace making the material
crystallize from the bottom up. The gradient is produced by cooling parts of the
furnace with water. The temperature gradient can also be created by having
several heaters along the height of the furnace, dividing the heaters into
temperature zones and changing the temperature of the zones. Large crystals 50cm
across, of water soluble material such as Monopotassium phosphate (KDP) can be
made by dissolving the KDP in hot water and salt, creating a growth solution,
placing a seed crystal in the solution and then cooling the solution, done in a
holden-type crystallizer, in what is known as solution growth.   == References
==

## 37. Bound state
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bound_state
Summary: A bound state is a composite of two or more fundamental building blocks, such as
particles, atoms, or bodies, that behaves as a single object and in which energy
is required to split them. In quantum physics, a bound state is a quantum state
of a particle subject to a potential such that the particle has a tendency to
remain localized in one or more regions of space. The potential may be external
or it may be the result of the presence of another particle; in the latter case,
one can equivalently define a bound state as a state representing two or more
particles whose interaction energy exceeds the total energy of each separate
particle. One consequence is that, given a potential vanishing at infinity,
negative-energy states must be bound.  The energy spectrum of the set of bound
states are most commonly discrete, unlike scattering states of free particles,
which have a continuous spectrum. Although not bound states in the strict sense,
metastable states with a net positive interaction energy, but long decay time,
are often considered unstable bound states as well and are called "quasi-bound
states".  Examples include radionuclides and Rydberg atoms. In relativistic
quantum field theory, a stable bound state of n particles with masses
{                    m                        k
}                        k             =             1
n                                     {\displaystyle \{m_{k}\}_{k=1}^{n}}
corresponds to a pole in the S-matrix with a center-of-mass energy less than
∑                            k                                                m
k                                                  {\displaystyle \textstyle
\sum _{k}m_{k}}    .  An unstable bound state shows up as a pole with a complex
center-of-mass energy.

## 38. Building-integrated photovoltaics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Building-integrated_photovoltaics
Summary: Building-integrated photovoltaics (BIPV) are photovoltaic materials that are
used to replace conventional building materials in parts of the building
envelope such as the roof, skylights, or façades. They are increasingly being
incorporated into the construction of new buildings as a principal or ancillary
source of electrical power, although existing buildings may be retrofitted with
similar technology. The advantage of integrated photovoltaics over more common
non-integrated systems is that the initial cost can be offset by reducing the
amount spent on building materials and labor that would normally be used to
construct the part of the building that the BIPV modules replace. In addition,
BIPV allows for more widespread solar adoption when the building's aesthetics
matter and traditional rack-mounted solar panels would disrupt the intended look
of the building. The term building-applied photovoltaics (BAPV) is sometimes
used to refer to photovoltaics that are retrofit – integrated into the building
after construction is complete. Most building-integrated installations are
actually BAPV. Some manufacturers and builders differentiate new construction
BIPV from BAPV.

## 39. Building integrated photovoltaics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Building-integrated_photovoltaics
Summary: Building-integrated photovoltaics (BIPV) are photovoltaic materials that are
used to replace conventional building materials in parts of the building
envelope such as the roof, skylights, or façades. They are increasingly being
incorporated into the construction of new buildings as a principal or ancillary
source of electrical power, although existing buildings may be retrofitted with
similar technology. The advantage of integrated photovoltaics over more common
non-integrated systems is that the initial cost can be offset by reducing the
amount spent on building materials and labor that would normally be used to
construct the part of the building that the BIPV modules replace. In addition,
BIPV allows for more widespread solar adoption when the building's aesthetics
matter and traditional rack-mounted solar panels would disrupt the intended look
of the building. The term building-applied photovoltaics (BAPV) is sometimes
used to refer to photovoltaics that are retrofit – integrated into the building
after construction is complete. Most building-integrated installations are
actually BAPV. Some manufacturers and builders differentiate new construction
BIPV from BAPV.

## 40. Bunsen cell
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bunsen_cell
Summary: The Bunsen cell is a zinc-carbon primary cell (colloquially called a "battery")
composed of a zinc anode in dilute sulfuric acid separated by a porous pot from
a carbon cathode in nitric or chromic acid.

## 41. Buoy
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buoy
Summary: A buoy (; boy, BOO-ee) is a floating device that can have many purposes. It can
be anchored (stationary) or allowed to drift with ocean currents.

## 42. Busbar
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Busbar
Summary: In  electric power distribution, a busbar  (also bus bar) is a metallic strip or
bar, typically housed inside switchgear, panel boards, and busway enclosures for
local high current power distribution. They are also used to connect high
voltage equipment at electrical switchyards, and low-voltage equipment in
battery banks. They are generally uninsulated, and have sufficient stiffness to
be supported in air by insulated pillars. Those features allow sufficient
cooling of the conductors, and the ability to tap in at various points without
having to create a new joint.

## 43. Cadmium
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cadmium
Summary: Cadmium is a chemical element; it has symbol Cd and atomic number 48. This soft,
silvery-white metal is chemically similar to the two other stable metals in
group 12, zinc and mercury. Like zinc, it demonstrates oxidation state +2 in
most of its compounds, and like mercury, it has a lower melting point than the
transition metals in groups 3 through 11. Cadmium and its congeners in group 12
are often not considered transition metals, in that they do not have partly
filled d or f electron shells in the elemental or common oxidation states. The
average concentration of cadmium in Earth's crust is between 0.1 and 0.5 parts
per million (ppm). It was discovered in 1817 simultaneously by Stromeyer and
Hermann, both in Germany, as an impurity in zinc carbonate. Cadmium occurs as a
minor component in most zinc ores and is a byproduct of zinc production. It was
used for a long time in the 1900s as a corrosion-resistant plating on steel, and
cadmium compounds are used as red, orange, and yellow pigments, to color glass,
and to stabilize plastic. Cadmium's use is generally decreasing because it is
toxic (it is specifically listed in the European Restriction of Hazardous
Substances Directive) and nickel–cadmium batteries have been replaced with
nickel–metal hydride and lithium-ion batteries. Because it is a neutron poison,
cadmium is also used as a component of control rods in nuclear fission reactors.
One of its few new uses is in cadmium telluride solar panels. Although cadmium
has no known biological function in higher organisms, a cadmium-dependent
carbonic anhydrase has been found in marine diatoms.

## 44. Cadmium selenide
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cadmium_selenide
Summary: Cadmium selenide is an inorganic compound with the formula CdSe.  It is a black
to red-black solid that is classified as a II-VI semiconductor of the n-type. It
is a pigment, but applications are declining because of environmental concerns.

## 45. Cadmium sulfide
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cadmium_sulfide
Summary: Cadmium sulfide is the inorganic compound with the formula CdS. Cadmium sulfide
is a yellow salt. It occurs in nature with two different crystal structures as
the rare minerals greenockite and hawleyite, but is more prevalent as an
impurity substituent in the similarly structured zinc ores sphalerite and
wurtzite, which are the major economic sources of cadmium. As a compound that is
easy to isolate and purify, it is the principal source of cadmium for all
commercial applications. Its vivid yellow color led to its adoption as a pigment
for the yellow paint "cadmium yellow" in the 1800s.

## 46. Cadmium telluride
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cadmium_telluride
Summary: Cadmium telluride (CdTe) is a stable crystalline compound formed from cadmium
and tellurium. It is mainly used as the semiconducting material in cadmium
telluride photovoltaics and an infrared optical window. It is usually sandwiched
with cadmium sulfide to form a p–n junction solar PV cell.

## 47. Cadmium telluride photovoltaics
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cadmium_telluride_photovoltaics
Summary: Cadmium telluride (CdTe) photovoltaics is a photovoltaic (PV) technology based
on the use of cadmium telluride in a thin semiconductor layer designed to absorb
and convert sunlight into electricity. Cadmium telluride PV is the only thin
film technology with lower costs than conventional solar cells made of
crystalline silicon in multi-kilowatt systems. On a lifecycle basis, CdTe PV has
the smallest carbon footprint, lowest water use and shortest energy payback time
of any current photovoltaic technology. CdTe's energy payback time of less than
a year allows for faster carbon reductions without short-term energy deficits.
The toxicity of cadmium is an environmental concern during production and when
the panels are disposed of.  Some of this might be mitigated by recycling of
CdTe modules at the end of their life time, as there are uncertainties regarding
the recycling of CdTe modules and the public opinion is skeptical towards this
technology. The usage of rare materials may also become a limiting factor to the
industrial scalability of CdTe technology in the mid-term future. The abundance
of tellurium—of which telluride is the anionic form—is comparable to that of
platinum in the Earth's crust and contributes significantly to the module's
cost. CdTe photovoltaics are used in some of the world's largest photovoltaic
power stations, such as the Topaz Solar Farm. With a share of 5.1% of worldwide
PV production, CdTe technology accounted for more than half of the thin film
market in 2013.

## 48. California
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California
Summary: California () is a state in the Western United States that lies on the Pacific
Coast. It borders Oregon to the north, Nevada and Arizona to the east, and
shares an international border with the Mexican state of Baja California to the
south. With almost 40 million residents across an area of 163,696 square miles
(423,970 km2), it is the largest state by population and third-largest by area.
Prior to European colonization, California was one of the most culturally and
linguistically diverse areas in pre-Columbian North America. European
exploration in the 16th and 17th centuries led to the colonization by the
Spanish Empire. The area became a part of Mexico in 1821, following its
successful war for independence, but was ceded to the United States in 1848
after the Mexican–American War. The California gold rush started in 1848 and led
to social and demographic changes, including depopulation of Indigenous tribes.
It organized itself and was admitted as the 31st state in 1850  as a free state,
following the Compromise of 1850. It never had the status of territory. The
Greater Los Angeles and San Francisco Bay areas are the nation's second- and
fifth-most populous urban regions, with 19 million and 10 million residents
respectively. Los Angeles is the state's most populous city and the nation's
second-most. California's capital is Sacramento. Part of the Californias region
of North America, the state's diverse geography ranges from the Pacific Coast
and metropolitan areas in the west to the Sierra Nevada mountains in the east,
and from the redwood and Douglas fir forests in the northwest to the Mojave
Desert in the southeast. Two-thirds of the nation's earthquake risk lies in
California. The Central Valley, a fertile agricultural area, dominates the
state's center. The large size of the state results in climates that vary from
moist temperate rainforest in the north to arid desert in the interior, as well
as snowy alpine in the mountains. Droughts and wildfires are an ongoing issue,
while simultaneously, atmospheric rivers are turning increasingly prevalent and
leading to intense flooding events—especially in the winter. The economy of
California is the largest of any U.S. state, with an estimated 2024 gross state
product of $4.172 trillion as of Q4 2024. It is the world's largest sub-national
economy and if it were an independent country, it would be the fourth-largest
economy in the world (putting it, as of 2025, behind Germany and ahead of Japan)
when ranked by nominal GDP. The state's agricultural industry also leads the
nation in agricultural output, led by its production of dairy, almonds, and
grapes. With the busiest port in the country (Los Angeles), California plays a
pivotal role in the global supply chain, hauling in about 40% of goods imported
to the US. Notable contributions to popular culture, ranging from entertainment,
sports, music, and fashion, have their origins in California. Hollywood in Los
Angeles is the center of the U.S. film industry and one of the oldest and one of
the largest film industries in the world; profoundly influencing global
entertainment since the 1920s. The San Francisco Bay's Silicon Valley is the
center of the global technology industry. In terms of ethnic and racial
diversity, the 2020 census showed no single ethnic group forming a majority. The
largest groups (over 1%) are Latino: 39%;  White (Non-Hispanic): 35%;  Asian:
15%; and  Black or African American: 5%. Two or More Races: 4%.  The number of
Latino residents grew by 4.6 million between 2000 and 2020, while the number of
white residents declined by over 2 million.

## 49. California NanoSystems Institute
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/California_NanoSystems_Institute
Summary: The California NanoSystems Institute (CNSI) is an integrated research center
operating jointly at UCLA and UC Santa Barbara. Its missions are to foster
interdisciplinary collaborations for discoveries in nanosystems and
nanotechnology; train the next generation of scientists, educators, and
technology leaders; and facilitate partnerships with industry, fueling economic
development and the social well-being of California, the United States and the
world. CNSI was created by Governor Gray Davis as part of a science and
innovation initiative, it was established in 2000 with $100 million from the
state of California and an additional $250 million in federal research grants
and industry funding. At the institute, scientists in the areas of biology,
chemistry, biochemistry, physics, mathematics, computational science and
engineering measure, modify and manipulate the building blocks the world – atoms
and molecules. These scientists benefit from an integrated laboratory culture
enabling them to conduct dynamic research at the nanoscale, leading to
significant breakthroughs in the areas of health, energy, the environment and
information technology.

## 50. Calvin Souther Fuller
URL: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Calvin_Souther_Fuller
Summary: Calvin Souther Fuller (May 25, 1902 – October 28, 1994) was an American physical
chemist at AT&T Bell Laboratories where he worked for 37 years from 1930 to
1967. Fuller was part of a team in basic research that found answers to physical
challenges. He helped develop synthetic rubber during World War II, he was
involved in early experiments of zone melting, he is credited with devising the
method of transistor production yielding diffusion transistors, he produced some
of the first solar cells with high efficiency, and he researched polymers and
their applications.

Total links processed: 50
Date and time: 2025-06-11 15:31:02
